[Music]
man this OBS
crap total
[Music]
uh frustration from this thing OBS is
what I use to by the way
morning
the software that I use to try to stream
this crap to uh
YouTube is
uh not working with me today so I'm
trying to figure out if I can
get the audio captured
here a second
and
check a
check okay now I can hear so anyway good
morning sorry for my delay
here that's technology for
you the uh
the NASDAQ
here has had its high impact news driver
release at 830 and they've pumped it up
into the new week opening Gap at uh on
July 28
and we have a 15sec
chart on the right and then we have the
1 minute chart in the lower
left and upper left we have the 15in
time
so I'm a
little jerked out of gear because
of not opening up like I wanted it to so
give me a few minutes to get my bearings
here don't May me turn my grandpa us my
bearings
[Music]
peel through this with
the one minute
chart uh this line here is
the close in the opening basically being
the same
price at five PM yesterday evening New
York time and 6 PM's opening
price so if you recall yesterday I was
mentioning how if it was going to
continue it's was going to trade up
into new opening Gap here on July
28th and if it continued higher than
that we had some daily short-term High
and a volume in Bound those further back
in the
year this was pretty aggressive here
opening
on our High new driver at 830 and
sending it up and finally
bumping that old new week opening got on
the
28th for
all right so we
had several highs in here swept into a
old new opening G I'm going be watching
doesn't want to use this information
here
with that Gap and
maybe use a wick into this one between
this candle's low and this candle's
high now I was going to talk to you a
few days I think it was last week I was
going to talk to you about
Wicks but I never got to it because the
stream got
interrupted with the remants of
hurricane de or Debbie
so whenever there's a
wick I like to see it try to trade back
down to the midpoint if it doesn't get
to the midpoint it's like a fair value
Gap that can't trade to its consequent
encroachment so it's usually indicative
that it wants to go the other direction
because it didn't trade there and we
have done
somewhat of a
nice smooth area in here this high and
then they ran up into the new week
opening Gap I'm watching during the
opening range which is the 30 minutes
after 9:30 to
10:00 do they want to send it up in here
or into that because if there's two fair
value
gaps this is the one you're watching but
you have to make an allowance for it to
trade up into there and if it does want
to sell
off I want to see it try to trade down
to here I'm not trying to call the top
not trying to pick the top not trying to
force an opinion I'm observing and
seeing if it wants to provide that
information to
[Music]
me and the main focus today is turtle
soup by way I just want to get a read on
what it's doing here going into the 10:
out
that
[Music]
I hate to have to do all that kind of
stuff get some n to
but all these people out there're trying
to be me to
get engagements for add revenue or
whatever it is they
do let's
this to the fella that says
uh make the
U the borders op I want to see the
borders
I want to see what the actual
Candlestick Wicks are traded to so if I
don't use the borders they won't really
technically be
accurate so you're getting a chance to
see what it's like when I'm jerked out
of gear because I was fighting with this
OBS thing for like 20 minutes it wasn't
it wasn't sinking with the microphone it
wasn't giving me any audio connection at
all I had to keep restarting the
system and I don't know they had an
update and I I chose to use the update
and I always tell myself not to do
that and it wasn't working so took
several times to do it now I little
pissed off to be honest with you because
I come here later than I wanted to
be all right so we swept down below the
close and the opening price at 6 PM
since there's really no technical Gap or
or difference between the two prices I
always just use a simple little line
like that okay and I the same way it can
sweep through it come back and revisit
it just it's one single level it's not a
it's not a range or an inefficiency it's
just one single price level
[Music]
so you can see we had uh this candle
here trade to
13150 High here
131.5 131
even so ju just fell short of
uh touching that that Gap there
I was talking about the I think it was
yesterday or the previous session I was
referring
to oh yesterday yesterday when I was
talking about the the lowest barrier to
entry you know the easiest entry points
are going to be the ones that you don't
try to finesse too much and if you're
trying to use one tick
above to get any kind of short in that
fair value out there you would have been
filled and that's
that's the punishment for trying to be
too perfect trying to demand
Perfection which is a good problem
because most people can't even figure
out what to do in terms of Direction
they can't figure out how to get into a
tree so if you have a problem with not
getting filled on some of your trades or
initially if you're trying to demand too
much Perfection that's actually really
good it's it's a nice problem to
have so much better to tolerate a uh
[Music]
a repeated phenomenon of you trying to
do something that obviously is on side
that means you're you're correct and
where you think the Mark's going to
go versus not knowing what you're doing
and always getting it wrong so it's a
little bit more
palatable it's easier to sleep at night
knowing that you're on the right side
generally but I got people you know
sending me emails and reaching out to me
through Telegram and reaching out to me
through trading you and reaching out to
me through personal text messages which
is that annoys me yeah I told everybody
I was going to change my phone number
last year when I got to uh this year and
I haven't done it yet because I just
haven't made my way to do it but it's
just too many people they take it upon
themselves they feel like they can text
me like we're like we're best friends
and I I generally don't like that unless
I reached out to you or gave you
permission so we traded down to the
consequent encouragement of the wick as
we were looking
for the only difference and the only the
notable thing is is we didn't trade up
into the Gap we got real close to it
within a
tick uh distance within the delivery of
price okay so I want you to screenshot
that and make special notation in your
Journal how this is what we were
watching you want to see if it could
trade up into it it did not trade into
it but the idea of trading down to the
consequent cursion of that
Wick it was the draw that we saw price
reach for and now I want to
see do we keep
[Music]
it do we have the uh ability to stay
right there with the
bodies or do we explore to the lower
quadrant on that Wick now the Wicks are
going to be part of the conversation
today when it comes to Turtle suit as
you'll
see all right so here's the opening
price on that
Wick all the way down so we're looking
at the actual news
candle so at 8:30 uh there's going to be
a lot of inefficiencies in that
individual
candle meaning that where we
opened it ran down aggressively real
fast and we'll look at that on a a sub
one minute chart in a few minutes but
for
now this inefficiency where price is
here and in a few moments I watched it
deliver this morning it was wild it was
uh it Wicked real fast went down there
and did not spend much time at all and
right back up into where we are here in
the body and did its business going into
the Clos that individual candle for one
minute meaning that there is
inefficiencies all through this range
from the candles open to the low and
again that'll make much more sense to
you when I show you the less than one
minute charts so in other words the 30
second chart the 15 second 5 and 1
second
chart but the first rule of uh
engagement whenever there's a wick
whenever there's a wick and if it's a
swing high or a swing low has my
interest obviously this is where the the
damage was done this
morning anyone that was
long going into the uh 830 news driver
the high impact
news and maybe we're holding on to the
targets we were outlining yesterday the
new week opening gap on the July 28 we
mentioned that yesterday as a
continuation on the upside should it
reach for further higher prices this is
one of those levels it could reach
for but before it goes there it trades
aggressively drops down over 100 handles
or so and then eventually pegs that
level this drop
down is
inefficient but every single time
there's a
wick and it's part of a a swing high or
swing low that has any importance to me
technically um I'm interested in having
the the consequent encouragment level
annotated as you can see here now I
don't know where you're from I don't
know what school of thought you're
you're predominantly a part of I don't
know if you're here because you just
added M curiosity and you trade another
methodology or if you trade the stuff I
teach
but that to
me and turning like
that is significant and it tends to
happen all the time this is a one minute
chart so the question is
when you see
that does
it invite you to investigate more
details around it because that's what it
started to do with me in the 90s I was
looking at these things happening and
I'm like okay it's probably going to go
down below that
low well sometimes it doesn't do that so
I was going back through charts and
looking at different time frames using
metastock what's my my software program
back then and I was using end of day
data so I didn't have real time data but
I could I could go down into enter day
charts it was part of an end-to dat
package of data so I would look at
hourly charts and 15minute charts and it
would give me like an x-ray view of what
took place in the previous day so I
compared and contrast to what I was
watching when I was driving around the
truck delivering candy soda machine uh
items um coffee machines cold food
machines that was what I was doing at
the time when I was learning how to
trade in the 90s so I fixed and repaired
and serviced vending machines and I had
this little device called quot Trek and
if you've been around for a long time
like me uh you know exactly what I'm
talking about but it was kind of like a
little radio it's about the size of a
transist radio not as thick but it had a
little extendable antenna and it would
give you data on any markets that you're
subscribed to you know cbot Central Bo
I'm sorry Chicago Board trade uh Chicago
merant Exchange um any of the uh grain
markets that would be on cbot i' I'd be
watching them I'd watch The Grain and
the the meat markets and I would watch
the currency fatures and eventually
moved away from that started watching
predominantly this the bonds and then
the
S&P
so it would give me the details that I
would see these flashes in in price
action that would just be numeric they
wouldn't I would it doesn't give you a
chart or rather it did not give you a
chart the technology really I guess
wasn't there yet so they just gave you
the raw data which was the highest high
and the lowest low and where you're at
in the volume and I've said this before
so it's kind of like redundant for folks
been around long long enough that was
what I was doing when I was away where
we have a smartphone today so if I'm out
in the about or if you're out in the
about and you're not in your trade room
or office you can see what the charts
are showing and where the price has been
and where it's probably going to reach
for because you can see it visually so I
was kind of handicapped initially so
when I saw big runs take
off I would write down usually on a
paper towel that I would use to wipe
down the inside of my windshield or
whatever it was you should have saw this
it was it was
wild I was not organized in the
beginning because my my job and keeping
my job was the most important thing but
I was still trying to manage all this
stuff and watch it real time the closest
thing I can be tapped into this and when
I would see price runs start taking off
and i' think okay it's it's occurring
right now at
1049 okay or 936 and I'd write the time
when I noticed that by the numeric runin
price so words when it started taking
off I didn't have any visual
representation of that except for I know
I saw a price print numerically I mean
in other words it would say this price
here
19048 in the quarter and it would
fluctuate as it's moving here so if I
see these runs I make a notation or made
a notation and when I got home in the
evening time after working out getting a
shower eating then the rest of the night
I'd be out in the charts constantly
pouring into it and trying to look for
these types of things what made that run
like that and I would see certain things
and sometimes not all the time sometimes
there would be these long Wicks now this
is exaggerated because it's a high
impact news driver
it goes goes without saying that PPI CPI
fomc non-front parel those types of
reports or those types of data points
that are released in the
marketplace can create that formation of
this type of
move when it creates this and it starts
to Rally
up I've never seen anybody and I have
over 2,000 books I've never seen anybody
make reference to anything about going
back into the middle of the of this
quick or break it up in the quadrants
and use it for the purposes of for
reversal patterns or short-term trading
or anticipating it returning back to it
for the sake of a Target okay so um it
was exciting for me to see it and as you
watch this one pan out here you from
here to here that was the
observation so Caleb when you when you
see this I want you to annotate how it
did not trade up into to the opportunity
for you to get
filled but it still ran and then I want
to see what your your description of
that run is in your own terms I don't
want to say anything more but I want to
I want to kind of correct it if it's not
what I think is appropriate and if it's
right or if it's in the
right perspective then obviously I'll
I'll commend you for it but the market
trades back up what's it trade back up
remember I told you what this line
was if you missed it you came to the
stream later you just just signed into
it uh yesterday at 5: p.m. when we
closed the settlement price and then
when we opened up at 600 p.m. there's no
difference in between these two prices
so there's no Gap so all I do is
annotate that price because it'll still
refer to it as you can see we trade back
up in where is it trading into also what
other Confluence is
there look close there's two other
things there
[Music]
you have that Gap and then you have what
I'm discussing
here whenever you have Wix you want to
measure that okay here's the halfway
point or consequent encroachment this
Wick is allowed to go through it why
because you have a fair value Gap but
then look at this one
here what's the high that you're going
to look great over here look up in upper
left hand corner what's the high of that
candle right
there
19965 that's exactly the consequent
encouragment level of that Wick you're
going to tell me that that's buying and
selling
pressure yeah
so when you're looking
for entry patterns when you're looking
for targets for for limiting out on
partials or terminus here's your 3/4
level treated to now because of this I
want to see it respect this up closed
candle in other words don't don't trade
above it it can come back and touch it
again it's better if it doesn't leaves a
little portion here but I want to see it
explore now below this 830 news driver
that's what I like to see but here this
Wick trades up to cutting through
candles because it's not supply and
demand we go right back to this Wick
right here that candle's High to the
tick to the
tick gives us the actual high that you
can anticipate as it's returning back
into here why should that be reasonable
two things number one you have this Wick
[Music]
here bear with me I have to put the
lipstick on this chart just to show you
what I want to see
Illustrated when when I was
uh when I
was working on this
information figuring it all out
codifying everything and discovering a
lot of things that really wasn't in my
books
no didn't I just draw a line here it's
disappearing
[Music]
oh I know what I did I have the
uh
[Music]
color all right so that's G to go on
that candle there and it needs to go to
the 50
level
99650 right so now I can take that off
and you can see that that's anchored to
here so this is what you want to be
doing Caleb you don't want to be leaving
your Fibonacci on top of the Wicks
because it'll clutter up your chart and
it'll make me angry and it's also you
just don't want to have all that
information on it it's it's not
important to have all that me put this
down here I some people are like still
trying to put my stuff on their social
media do and pretend that that they're
me so we have this Wick
here we have this
Gap it trades up to there and also
what's to the left of this
candle the one that trades in the fair
value Gap right so isn't there a wick on
this
candle sure it
is so we have this wick on this candle
inside of this fair value got and this
Wick here so when price was trading off
of this target we were looking for and
it rebounded off that came back up into
the fair value Gap it's reasonable for
it to go up to the fair value Gap High
which is this candle's
low
this sorry this price right there on
that
Wick that's a it's a premium array
because you're trading back up to it you
extend that through it's part of the
fair value G and then the next candle
trades up and touches it we do not want
to see this is important we do not want
to see if it's going to be
bearish we don't want to see that
consequent cor of that Wick once it's
traded to here once it trades back up to
it there we have this fair value Gap
that should send price lower or kind of
keep it at Bay not trading it higher so
if this candle's trading back up to
it we are
trusting the logic around this
phenomenon saying that it's already done
the work of trade into the high of the
fair value got so half of the fair value
got let's look at
[Music]
that and see it in
here it doesn't trade there notice that
on this candle it does not trade there
is that a good thing or is a Bad Thing
think about what I've taught you in this
mentorship I taught you that PD arrays
very specific levels that we're looking
for if they fail to be printed to if
they can't even return back to them and
you have a directional
bias in in concert with that level
you're studying if it can't go there
that means it's decidedly weak and when
you're bearish that's a signature you
want to see
but because we have this area over here
and because I'm not trading support and
resistance the support and resistance
fellas would have been like okay here's
where we stopped so let's draw that line
out in time well we went way past that
to some random up up up closed candle
and created a wick something random we
don't know why it went there right
support and resistance folks don't have
any idea why it did that but you're
learning it it's this Wick
here it trades up to it completes and
fulfills the role of buy side delivery
which was in efficient on this
candle so the market has offered single
pass to the downside so this is sells
side delivery that means price is going
lower then it comes back up to Red
deliver the inefficiency in this time of
that one
candle what was it inefficient on
delivery to the upside so buy side
delivery it offers it stops to the tick
and then drops down the next candle if
you're looking for support sorry if
you're looking for swing highs and swing
lows you want to see it trade up
into levels like this it should hit that
and stop and also failed to trade to
half of that fair value G that's a
failure to get to consequent
encouragement we've already fulfilled
three factors here we traded up to
finish in filling out this candle's low
to the difference of this candle's High
which is that fair Bay Gap right there
that's a Cy sell side and balance buy
side efficiency we trade back to the 6
p.m opening
price why is that important because
there's no gap between FR uh the 500m
close settlement price and where we
started trading for NQ so because
there's no Gap we just simply use the 6
PM opening
price I told you when we were up here
you going to have it on your chart
because it's going to be treated the
same way it'll trade through it and come
back and treat it as a key level it
trades through it on a wick which is
reasonable because we're inside this
fair value
gy but this level here when we trade it
back up to it notice that the bodies in
the candles do not trade and close above
that Wick consequent encroachment see
that it's telling you that this candle
backed off so that means when I see
something like that I'm looking for the
immediate next candle to do a lower high
than this high and I can frame
everything on that fair value got and
where that consequent encroachment is on
that Wick if it's there you may not have
a wick over here then you would just
simply go into the details of Simply
using the 6PM opening price which is
this dashed line and the consequent
coach of that fair value guy so in other
words if this wasn't here I would expect
this to trade up to midpoint of the fair
value Gap but if it doesn't and it
trades down lower I'll simply just go in
short on the open and touching back this
body right here as it does
there so and that could be easily done
on a 15-second chart a 30 second chart a
5-second chart you'd see a little bit
more detail in in that difference
between where we Clos on this one minute
candle to where we open there and I know
some of you because you're you're
leaving comments saying that you don't
have the ability to afford the real-
time
data I got to be honest with you at some
degree you're going to have to do that
if you're going to trade you have to
have the information and I don't know
how to say it any nicer than if you
can't afford data and watching realtime
price action a lot of the things I'm
teaching are going to just simply be
outside your grasp and you're going to
have to use a high time frame premise
and there's nothing wrong with that it
just means that you're going to have to
defer these very small intraday price
action moves but all the things I'm
teaching here this could simply just be
a a daily chart in other words every
instead of one minute candlesticks and
this representing the highest high the
lowest low and where it started and
ended trading for that that one minute
interval these could represent a
daily high low open and close for the
day it's the same stuff it's it's don't
don't think it only works on one minute
charts or in charts it's that's not it
these levels will be referred to on any
and every time frame if I was watching
price over NQ and we had the time frame
set to 4our
chart price right now at 4175 is the
same price you see it on a 4our chart
price is price
but if you're looking for details for
precision you want to look for um very
sensitive timing so it gets you into a
trade and and or reduce the measure of
risk you're always going to have risk
but you can reduce the risk and manage
it
appropriately by having intraday charts
because you can see you can see details
in price action that otherwise you're
you're not aware of okay and that's kind
of like why I was tapping into the
memory of how it was for me when I was
driving around a suzu cargo truck you
delivering candy soda cakes and chips
and coffee products and coold food and
ice
creams I was looking at just simply data
and I I had to later on go back in and
remember one my notations as I was
driving sometimes I missed it and I had
to figure out okay well I was in traffic
I'm trying to get around this guy or get
around that part of town and I couldn't
look at the the data even though it's
right in front of me duct tap taped on
my windshield so it was like a hillbilly
version of a ICT right I mean you're all
impressed with the NASA spread out of
all my monitors and stuff I shared on
YouTube but back then I didn't start
like that I had literally like this
little transistor radio type thing
physically duct taped to make sure it
stayed in my view and it wouldn't fall
and break but I had to take the
notations and say okay I don't know when
it started taking that run because I
wasn't watching it I'm driving still
which isn't safe I'm not recommending
this at all for anybody but I was the
original you know driver being
distracted by cell phone because that
was like the equivalent of a smartphone
today back then so I was more interested
riding over the Key
Bridge watching those numbers than
watching anything else and look at the
response right off of that level there
see that a that nice just that alone
that one single pass like this that was
enough to to to draw my interest into
seeing what's what's what's going on
there is it repeating and I'd go through
data and I'd see it again and again and
again and again
and it caused
a an obsessive compulsive desire to
figure out what was repeating there and
then when I'd go back through price
action I would see all these little
details okay and say okay this is what's
this is what's occurring at this time
this is what's occurring at this time on
that day and then if we had a big news
driver which I didn't understand too
much initially when I first started
trading like I I didn't care or even
worry about an ecomic calendar so when I
was in there trying to trade if there
was ever a grain report that came out or
if there if I was Trad crud and I I
didn't look at the inventory numbers
that come out like around 10:30 New York
local time and the market would create
these moves and I like whoa where' the
hell that come from because I didn't
have any understanding about an economic
calendar so I I started way too soon
with money and I didn't know what I was
doing and back then I was like a cowboy
I just I just gunsling it's all it's all
I wanted to do is be a part of it
thinking which is what I have taught
against now because I did that stuff I
tried to learn how to do it with real
money and it caused all kinds of
problems and it slowed my growth but
when we're looking for these Wicks okay
Wicks are going to give you so much more
detail if you are using them in proper
context
okay
so I'm watching this as I'm talking I'm
looking at this little Gap in here does
it overtake it come back down trade as
support or is it respect
it and then roll over and take out the
relative equal lows that's formed here
and then explore the lows at 8:30 but
the uh if I'm looking for turns okay
when I learned about swing highs and
swing
lows um we learned them as ring highs
and ring lows okay we didn't call them
swing highs and swing lows and the
reason why is because you know you would
simply print your charts out or not
print them out but you would literally
draw them out so back when I was
learning how to trade we had a a service
called price
charts and they would mail you one set
of price charts for the week and then
you would take the opening price the
high the low and the close and you would
draw them physically on the chart
because it would give you room that's
the way I learned how to do this stuff
and you have no idea the advantages of
what you're learning and how fast you're
learning it because 99% of you would
have never stuck with it if it was like
that and to think of it and being
described like that you're probably
thinking there's no way there's no way
but everybody that's 30 years or more in
trading that's the way it was like that
that's that's the way it was I mean
people
you know we watched I watched my
generation we watched Things become
computerized I watched electronic
trading I was part of that last uh
generation of old school ogs where price
charting was done by hand every
individual candle and the only thing you
did that with was on a daily
chart see that little run right there
off that faite got trades up into it
plummets and the interest is below that
level so if it does this we want to see
a big yeah go we want see a big handle
like that expand
lower so the um isn't it fun watching
somebody knows what they're talking
about is it is it interesting so it's St
at the chart not knowing what it's going
to do the uh but I'm also giving you all
kinds of information that are just that
just gold because this information if
you look for swing highs and swing lows
which is what we called a ring High and
a ring low because for instance like
this little Candlestick High it has a
lower high to the left of it here a a
high that's lower to the right of it
than that one so in other words we have
a candle that has a high that has a
lower high to the left and a lower high
to the right so we call that a swing
high but on my chart if this was a daily
chart I would put a little circle or a
ring right above that so that way when I
looked at my charts I could map out
Market structure I could see where we
where we are in deference to previous
swing highs and swing lows and if I
start seeing swing highs that are
forming that are lower than a cluster of
Swing highs further back then I know I'm
probably part of an intermediate term
price run which is kind of like what I
was hinting at here with going all this
business here we talked about it trading
down to the midpoint when it was here we
were focusing there but because we're
looking for too much of a Precision
element here's where you would have
failed you using an entry you would not
have been filled but the market runs
with you okay if you couldn't get in
there then you can use
this you see that okay say you couldn't
get in here but then you have the market
come back up and trade into this
Candlestick here we don't want to see it
trade above that
candle there was a gap here but it
trades all the way back up but it does
not take out the high see that trades
right back to what
consequent coach on that Wick I talked
about at
8:30 this could be your
entry this could be your
entry what let me test your memory and
see if you kept good notes what is this
Candlestick providing you in terms of an
entry mechanism I talked about it
yesterday I talked about it a lot if
you've been my student for a while but
this candle right here what what is this
candle when it traded there like that
what is that referred
to I'll give you a second take a sip of
my
water institutional orderflow entry
drill very very very long winded name
okay and you're probably saying why did
you name it
that when I teach students how to trade
in efficiencies in price action and fair
value gaps when you have a a price run
okay once it enters a significant and
obvious sside program or cell program
and it's sside delivery that means the
market simply just moving lower okay
there's there's characteristics
there's identifications that I use and
sometimes when I'll say those you'll
hear me say Okay sside delivery you're
you're thinking cide liquidity or sell
stops that's not what this is sside
delivery is a sell program where the
market is going through the motions of
delivering lower prices and it doesn't
matter how many people's buying doesn't
matter how many people are selling it's
just algorithmically spooling in a
direction and if it's sell side delivery
it's going lower for the express
purposes of delivering lower prices and
it matters not how much buying and
selling pressure is there okay but when
I teach and when I taught students using
these inefficiencies we outlined when we
were up here that we first want to see a
trade there and then we talked about all
the business in here and then we talked
about going next Target was the lower
quadrant which is there this is not
quarters theories by the way quarters
theories is a bunch of [__] so I'm
going to say it and stop asking me in
the comment section I'm sure there's
some very nice people out there and they
have their their faith-based ideas
around it but it's absolutely horseshit
so just know that that's my opinion
please stop asking me about it the the
low is the next Target why because
there's the liquidity resting below it
so that's sells side liquidity
the motion from here to here that run
right there that's sell side
delivery this High down to this lower
quadrant is sells side delivery it's
delivering lower prices and then the up
close candle I said we didn't want to
see it go above that in case you're
wondering here's the
high did we trade above it
no okay so having order block Theory
having Fair Value Gap Theory Market
Structure Theory having institutional
order flow Theory real institutional
order flow do you see any depth of
Market over here do you see any
horizontal volume things that make it
look like I'm technically
Advanced no you don't need that all you
need to know is where where is the mark
okay who who in the room is the mark
who's the victim because if you can if
you can determine who the victim is in
the room you know who's about to fall
who's who's going to get something they
ain't Wan
okay if you can't identify the victim in
the room and something's about to go
down you're the mark the same thing
happens in the marketplace if you can't
determine the liquidity that's about to
be
absorbed
engaged taken out you're the
liquidity you're going to be used as the
Canon fod for someone else's trade like
money okay so
this is sell-side liquidity yeah but the
way my son needs to start looking at
these runs from seeing
this to this target there has to be
something measurable well that clearly
is it's measurable and you don't have to
be in that trade there there's there's
lots of Trades here my career where I
could have got in at the the highest
tick but it wouldn't afford me the
fill even offering it by the print by
the time in sales it it traded there but
my volume and contract size wouldn't
permit it to be filled there and it ran
without me and then I had to figure out
later on as a consequence to that I had
to figure out other entry mechanisms
because I would be frustrated and angry
about missing those moves thinking that
I am if I'm couldn't get in that trade
here and I'm aiming for this this and
this and something
lower well if I didn't if I couldn't get
in there then I'm done I'm angry and I'm
pissed off and I couldn't I couldn't
imagine another opportunity get in
because this was all I knew at the
time which is why I developed the price
delivery Continuum Theory where
it's you seeing something that's
underway I I gave you the what we were
going to see today when we first started
the stream
again I wish I could have got this stuff
to work like it should it would have
been a lot better but I'm I'm already
doing far better than you're going to
see anybody else talk about on YouTube
and no no knocks against anybody I'm
just being honest you're not going to
see this level of detail you're not
going to get the depth of understanding
you're not going to get it beforehand
you're not going to get all the little
tiny subtle nuances because they don't
know and you don't need to know this you
can buy and sell indicators and probably
do something mathematically with uh
money management and be profitable I'm
not saying you can but I'm not satisfied
with that like I'm a technical freak
like I have to know like I have to know
why it's going to do it when it's going
to do it and how I can trust it that way
I can be lead leagues ahead light years
ahead of everyone else that looks at
these same charts that's that's always
been my my driving force is to be
absolutely phenomenal and
freakish that's been my goal it's my
Pursuit and I try to instill that in my
students but they equate that as they
have to know it right away as soon as
they start reading it and studying it
and listening to me and they think just
because they wrote some scribble and a a
a journal that that equates to I'm doing
the work no you're just now introducing
yourself to it it has to be a lifestyle
like you have to constantly be pouring
into these charts listening to my
lectures really dig into what I'm saying
because I'm not talking for the sake of
this talking I'm giving you detail that
you aren't going to fully appreciate
because where you're at when you first
start listening to them already you're
thinking it's too long I ain't got time
for this give me somebody else's going
to reduce this give me a PDF let me find
somebody that's does gives me the cliff
notes you're never going to learn from
that you'll be able to hear the buzzword
and you can talk the terminology in
hindsight but you're never going to do
what I'm doing here that will always
evade you because the people you're
learning from they can't do that they
can't do it okay and the things I'm
teaching today they've not been taught
before mentorship students that paid me
they did not learn what I'm teaching you
here this is all brand new
stuff so
the price delivery Continuum theory is
where if we identify a move and
anticipate it delivering to a Target
that is it's finite it's not something
that well you know it could do this it
could do that like a Zone I don't deal
with zones zones are for fools and
idiots we don't deal with zones we deal
with very specific price levels if I
don't know the price that I'm wanting to
see as a entry a stop or a partial or
terminous Target where the trade is
completely closed in if I don't know
that specific price I'm not getting in
the
trade contrast that with supply and
demand zones okay what are you doing
with that what what criteria are you and
if you teach it what criteria are you
teaching the people that are listening
to you what's the methodology that
you're going to come to the same
conclusion and process protocol guidance
that leads you to a specific price in
that zone which zone is
important which part of the Zone what
prices in those specific supply and
demand zones are you interested in
that's why it's a fallacy it's a [__]
joke okay it's a wonderful infantile
approach to a more visual representation
of support and resistance that was the
furthest Accolade I gave it and I
mentioned that same stuff when I was on
baby pissy because idiots over there
said the same [__] oh you're just you're
reteaching supply and demand
[__] everything I'm showing you
here has nothing to do with supply and
demand and it has nothing to do with
support and resistance but it tells you
to the
tick to the tick and it doesn't matter
what Market it is you're not getting
that from uh support and resistance and
supply and demand you're [__] not
doing that I don't give a [__] what time
here he said Dollar Mentor Mentor uh
mentorships okay and the people that run
them they need the backpedal because if
they're using supply and demand and
they're trying to sell that [__] many
times if you really really listen to
them they're really trying to teach
order block Theory they're trying to
teach what I do and they're falling
short of it okay and I know this is the
part of the videos you don't like but I
have to answer all these things because
people send me [__] and they question me
and I fill in a lot of questions within
my uh my dialogue and also scratches an
inch one sign once I get it once in a
while I have to scratch it like anybody
else will
but if you have wicks in your charts
okay every single time you have a
wick every single time you want to be
measuring them from the highest high and
the lowest low okay
because in swing highs and in swing
lows it's going to give you detail that
nobody else has but me but me good old
ICT but you're going to get today you're
going to get it you're getting it right
from the
source if there's going to be a high and
this is on any time frame folks okay
write that down in your journal and your
study notes this is a principle that is
all time frames every single time frame
and this is what you'll find is
fascinating if you go through all time
frames and you study this and to see
them form on sub one minute charts and
it's still
there that is is incredible it is
incredible to
see it's incredible to see your baby do
exactly what it's supposed to do and
it's so pretty it's so beautiful to see
it form and sometimes
when the people
that use it
push hard and intervene with it take it
out of
its processes and and what it's
following at the time it's script and
they cause a manual intervention then it
gets a little blurry but if you just
simply
wait it'll go right back to doing what
it's supposed to be
doing rigged controlled price delivery
that's exactly what we have and there's
no reason to be upset about it there's
no reason to fear it you should be
thankful it's this way because I'll be
honest with you with 30 years experience
if these markets weren't rigged if they
were not rigged I would never trade them
because you have the equivalent of doing
the same thing that people do when they
buy lottery tickets going to the casinos
that to me is
madness but if I can go in and I can see
okay I can systematically
prove
prove that these things are happening
they're
predictable to a degree
Precision it presses the viewer or
anyone that studies and looks at it
especially when we're doing it live it
forces them into a corner and they're
like either this guy has a time
machine or he's using delayed data and
I'm using the lowest latency on this
live stream and I have students that
verify it I'm seconds away seconds away
from when you see it and when it happens
and if you have real- time data you
already see what I'm annotating on the
chart I tell you where it's going to go
before befor hand so it doesn't matter
it can be delayed 10 15 minutes it's
still in the chart before it's there and
then when it finally delivers there you
go there's no escaping it so it's
predictable it's logic that's
transferable you can learn
it but if you're looking for turning
points in price that means short-term
highs interterm highs long-term highs
short-term lows interterm lows long-term
lows where they nest out in the grand
scheme of
things when you have a
draw on liquidity that's discernable
that means that you you can reasonably
forecast where the Market's trying to go
to remember that's the first lesson for
you
Caleb all of this stuff is just once you
get beyond that when you're when you're
studying for the
day and you watch and observe where
price is going and you're watching the
live streams like this and you see that
telling you where it's going to go and
it goes there then you go in and you
fill in your observations and the chart
annotate how much time it took for this
run from here down to that level we were
aiming for and make notations how the
bodies turned right at that
level traded back up into the fair value
G consequent encouragement of this Wick
because it's a
wick that's above price when it was down
here so if it returns back to that
that's a premium
array but I don't care about the low you
see that
I don't care about that low I want to
see it trade through that I want to see
it dig into this and go right back to
that because if it can do that then I'm
waiting to see does it
stop or if it Wicks through it does the
body that it pierces it with does its
body stop at or below that consequent
encouragment because that's the
signature that's the little that's a
little Telltale sign that's that's at
the table I'm the dealer okay I can run
up a deck and and stack the deck and I
can send somebody a hand of winning
cards and everybody at the table won't
even know it and they can be a
Confederate with me and we run the table
ever seen the movie
Rounders Matt Damon and uh what's the
gentleman he lives in Maryland he played
the Incredible Hulk Edward Norton he
plays the guy that does all the chops he
was in prison came out and while he was
in prison he was learning how to do all
this stuff with cards and Matt Damon was
just a good poker player but Ed Norton
was a cheat so when Ed Norton was
dealing he was dealing good hands
stacking the deck up for his buddy Matt
and Matt realized what was going on and
he was like listen I want to play for
real I don't want to get caught doing
this and he end up getting caught
and that's another
discussion this is another discussion
for another day just just
know that uh I I I really enjoy these
lives but they're almost problematic for
me because I have so many things I I
would love to talk I really should have
a podcast I mean I really should have
one because I could never run out of
things to talk about ever literally
never ever ever
but when we're looking at the Wicks okay
I want to see it go up and
fail okay or stop give me that little
signature it's like me tipping my hand
to a another player at the table and
showing them my cards okay well that's
what the algorithm's doing for me and
for anybody that trades like this and
before I stepped out and started talking
like this and revealing this this
language to start seeing it this way and
looking for it nobody believed that
there was an algorithm that control
price like this and there's always been
a group of
people that you're not hearing about
they don't write books they don't go on
cbnc and they do the very things I'm
telling you how to trade and engage
price they they do that and they do it
on a very large scale all day long all
time frames okay and they also have
algorithms that are keying up off of
these very things so they're not sitting
there looking for these things okay um
quote unquote smart Money traders
algorithmic Traders they understand the
things I'm I'm showing you
visually but these are the closest
things that I can teach you to see the
phenomenon that's going on at that
moment there's other things that I'm I'm
not I'm not in a position put it that
way I'm not going to teach it and I
don't give a [__] who comes to my house
and says you're gonna I'm not going to
do [__] okay I'm not telling you
[__] you want my technology [__] you you
can't have it but you can have these
things you can have
that tell me I can't well I'll make more
of me
okay so if you
have these little hints these little
billboard signs Flash and say I am not
going any higher and here's proof to
that that you can trust see that's a
real
indicator if you start applying things
that are mathematically calculating old
data for the purposes of of overball
oversold Divergence Trend following
moving
averages ratios Fibonacci ratios if
you're doing any of that stuff listen to
me and I mean this sincerely I know
there's a lot people that don't like me
that stand on that d dumb [__] they sell
courses they sell software they do all
kinds of stuff okay whether you believe
them whether you believe me or not I'm
just going to say this is the truth
price literally doesn't give a [__]
about any of that it doesn't it does not
mean that that's what causes price to go
up and down absolutely not it doesn't it
doesn't do
that but what price does refer to to is
time if it's the right time for price to
move it will
move if it's not right time it ain't
going to
move it'll just gyate and fluctuate in a
predetermined range that is
mathematically calculated by the
algorithm I'm only going to go this High
I'm only going to go this low for this
amount of time and then I'll go just a
little bit of that highest high in the
last range and I'll go down the low the
lowest low and the last range and I'll
go right back in the middle of that
range until it's time
to start
spooling that session starts and session
endings during the macro periods at
20-minute intervals top of every
hour all these things start to come
together like a like a puzzle okay and
when I was on baby Pips I was testing
laying out breadcrumbs and see out of
all the people that come here I want to
see who can pick it up and not one
person could and then I did a mentorship
I'm going to see can they can they jump
and do these Quantum leaps like I was I
was getting these
huge like downloads of understanding and
seeing wow this yeah you can really see
some of these things in not a lot of it
but you can see enough in price action
where the the concepts the theology
behind when price and why price should
do
anything there's certain times when
price doesn't hide
it and that was the fascinating thing
for me because I I've I've known it for
a long time but it was me trying to find
a way where I could talk about it and
I'm talking about these little things
like this that's not really what's going
on in price but visually it's occurring
at the same time the algorithm's doing
what it's doing that I can't talk about
and then that's the part that some of
you get pissed off about you're like oh
you're hiding stuff you're [__] right
I'm hiding something you're right I am
absolutely I am you would too you would
to you wouldn't even be teaching this
part of it you keep it to
yourself but I have an obligation I have
something I have to fulfill and I have a
bone to pick really so this is my way of
doing it and I have been successful in
transferring this information with this
language it's resonated with a large
number of people all around the world
and my daughter actually sent me
something I just want to toss something
there because I I I was kind of
interested by it um last night or
yesterday evening rather right after the
Market's closed I got a text message
from my daughter and she goes um do you
see this person do you know this person
and she sent me like a profile of
someone on
Instagram I'm not on Instagram so she
has to send me screenshots to see it
because I don't know how to I can't
access anybody's account I'm not on
Instagram I'm not on Facebook I'm not on
Discord I don't have any anything to do
with that stuff so if anybody's using my
name it's not me but she asked me do you
know this person because they had my
logo in their uh in their profile which
a lot of people a lot of people have
that it's like a like a Brotherhood
symbol like and I have people I have
students all around the world they're
getting a tattooed on them please don't
do that I don't know what you're
thinking but I I I get it I understand
what you're doing but you know the Bible
says take no Mark upon your skin and
that that's exactly what that means do
that very thing you don't have you don't
I don't have a mark I'm not forcing
people to take a mark and my logo
certainly isn't the mark of the beast
either but there's individuals out there
that take my logo and they put it in
their profile and then use it as their
Avatar and the person she was asking me
about I said well I I know of this
person they're a student of mine
but what what's spurred that on she go
well I'm looking at the new Bachelor uh
apparently there's a show called The
Bachelor
something something Bachelor okay and CU
she's a single woman she likes those
kind of shows and apparently the new
Bachelor is a day trader and
Ellis I I don't know if that's the last
name or if it's the first name Ellis
something anyway she looked at his
followers and who he was following and
he follow he's actually following
something or someone that's one of my
students and it's uh
um something lab scalping lab scalp lab
scalping lab or something for that
effect and uh they have my my logo as
their their Avatar and on Instagram and
uh this apparently this new Bachelor on
this TV show that does something around
being a bachelor they uh they're a day
trader and his following he's following
this particular person and the question
was brought up by my daughter she goes
do you know this person and I was like I
don't know them and I don't off the top
of my head I don't know who the person
that's going to be the bachelor is but
uh he's a he's a young guy and it was a
picture of it so I couldn't really make
out who it was because I only see so
much by zooming in but
um if you're if you if you know more
about it like especially if you're like
in my private mentorship if you know him
if if you know anything about it just
you know send me you know a message
about it cu intrigued by because you
I've heard my name talked out of uh
Andrew Tate's brother's mouth like I'm
all over the place I'm Mr world what but
I said this to my daughter last night
she was laughing but uh it's funny it's
really funny to see how far this has
reached out to like all these
individuals around the world are
familiar with me and either with me or
they are familiar with what I've
introduced to the community because
other people are using it and and
implementing it and they
they have a fing of their own which is
fine I got no problem with that I just
don't like it when people try to pretend
they know how to do certain things that
I've never fully taught and each try to
sell mentorships egging people on that's
that's fraud okay because you don't know
what I know but if you've gone through
mentorship you know what I've taught
mentorship but now that's that's for
free on YouTube now too so but the
uh I
digress the uh I gotta tell you I love I
love live streaming because it gives me
an outlet okay it really gives me an
outlet so I can say what's on my mind
when I want to say it but unfortunately
it's hard to follow me if you're here
just for for studious purposes so I
understand and I I I I
can appreciate your frustration if
you're someone like that but just know
that I can't not be me okay and people
have asked me to change for years and
I'm not going to do it I I I can
do as much as I can to try to do what I
want to do and still meet the
expectations or whatever I have in mind
to
do but I also have to be me and no one's
going to change that and the way I
deliver the information is the way I
want to deliver it and I I have to be
happy with the way I do it or I won't do
it at all so it takes a great deal of
filtering if you're here just for the
Nuggets okay and when it's live stream
like this like it was on Twitter spaces
it's the good stuff being tucked in
and sometimes that's intentional like
today it isn't intentional it's just me
being organic because I'm finally
relaxing about the frustration I had
with trying to get OBS to start
streaming it pissed me off like I was
ready to throw this [__] laptop
through the wall like I was getting
angry I was getting so mad but it is
what it is but I want you to think about
Wicks okay and how every swing high and
every swing low
that has a wick the information is
useful if you start measuring them
finding out where the midpoint is of the
WID the highest high and the lowest low
and if we start doing that we can start
forecasting things in price action that
would otherwise be un it's unknown to
other Traders okay and I'm going to
introduce some of the principles
today it's meant for you to go into your
charts and explore it study it it's a
fast fasinating subject matter I spent
years looking at these things and
finally after six years because I
figured out in like less than three
years like two two years and like nine
nine months or something like that I had
everything exactly what I wanted but
because I have to take things apart and
Tinker with them that was I was that
kind of boy growing up I had to Stretch
Armstrong toy I had to find out why it
kept going back to its normal size I had
had to figure out what was inside of it
so I cut it open and it's like this
little gel stuff in it and I I needed to
know why my remote control cars worked
and what was inside the thing behind
where the battery panel was I I had to
had to take things apart to see what
they did and it mattered not to me if I
could put them back together I needed to
know what made them work and from
someone's perspective that doesn't
appreciate that inquisitive nature in a
human mind they may see it that this
kid's a brat he's a destructive person
look at he's breaking things up but that
was the fuel for me to be who I am today
because that's every everything that I
get involved with I I have to understand
why it does what it does and how it does
it and if I can't ascertain what that is
if I can't get a grasp on it I'm not
interested it can't hold my
attention so I
have a demand on anything that holds my
attention that it has to do something
for me to hold my attention or I'm not
I'm not interested
and in trading and using these Concepts
and not exploring price
action I have found that and I've had
lots of students come through me
and the characteristics of impatience
and I need you to start saying less and
just teach it and stop talking so
much you're never going to learn from me
and you're probably not going to do well
with anybody else because what you're
trying to do is condense
you wanted to have
a um a distilled version of all this
information and when you really take a
step back there's no advantage of
distilling any of it because you have to
have a complete perspective because they
all they all link together as one
symbiotic unit it's not one thing and
stands by itself a wick in the details
I'm going to teach you about this that
leads to understanding Turtle souit you
thought I forgot about that
it's just a preamble here the idea of
anticipating turning points in the
marketplace which is what a turtle soup
is it's a run on liquidity but it's not
always running above an old
high it's not always running below an
old
low so when I say Turtle suit it was me
nodding because I like the name it was
cute of what I saw and read about in the
streets Mar books by Larry Larry Conor
and Linda rash and I said this before
I'll say it again because I mentioned
the book again I get nothing from it I'm
sure she probably knows about me only
because I have commented to her I think
twice when I was on Twitter and she was
tagged in a response and I'm sure she
looked at me and I was who I am and I'm
sure I'm not her cup of tea and that's
fine but uh I I think her book with
Larry was a a good book it's expensive
yes would I still pay that price if I
hadn't bought it at that same time in
1995 yes I paid $175 for it I don't know
what it's selling for today
unfortunately it's been copied and put
all over the Internet you can get it for
PDF and for free don't I don't want you
to do that you if the authors are going
to take the time to put the information
together like that um regardless of what
they sell it for you shouldn't you
shouldn't take the information and
circumvent the the payment for their
their information their experience that
they collected to put it out into other
people's
hands there's a lot of things in that
book that I don't like um but it did
help me understand stop runs it it
helped me formulate a visual
representation because that was the
first introduction to it because
remember my original Mentor was Larry
Williams and Larry Williams doesn't do
any of this [__] he doesn't use enough
he doesn't use any of this stuff that
I'm talking about here everything in my
mentorship all that stuff technical fair
value gaps institutional order flow
inversion fair value gaps Breakers
that's not him okay I had some [__]
write a book on Amazon and try to say
that my stuff was Chris Lorry stuff
Larry Williams stuff Sam siden stuff
supply and demand and all of that is the
biggest [__] lie it's a joke and
that's why I invited everybody with a I
purchased his horeshit book just so I
could leave a verified purchase review
saying this is all nonsense you can go
to my YouTube channel and you can see
everything that this [__] clown wrote
about is my information and none of
these other people had anything to do
with it and you asked them directly and
that's why I went out and caused uh
Chris Lori to answer me publicly on
Twitter I said listen I'm tired of these
people saying that I've copied you we're
going to court if you don't do this
publicly because I didn't take [__] from
you do you see your material in my
Concepts in my lectures in my teachings
yes or no he hand the hard I said listen
you got 30 [__] minutes and I got the
emails you got 30 minutes to come out on
Twitter and respond publicly and he
comes out and says no and he goes all
this other extra [__] trying to say
face but there's your answer everybody I
don't teach Chris Lor's [__] okay I
don't I don't teach Chris Lor stuff I
made the mistake of giving him a nod and
sending him people and I found out
through other people sending me email
saying he was talking [__] about me
listen you bite the hand that [__]
feeds you that help set you up you go
[__] yourself pal I don't need anybody
else to help me I don't need that I got
one person in my corner and he ain't on
Earth
so it's just a one it's a oneman army
here I don't need allies I don't need
people supporting me I don't need
worshippers I don't need cult members I
don't need students I don't need it I
don't need to do any of this stuff I
enjoy this stuff I enjoy sharing it and
it just pisses me off and I see other
people lie and they discredit me and say
oh well you didn't do this and you said
this because it's somebody else's stuff
that's over here it's horseshit you got
$5 million I'm going to remind you all
$5
million you come forward and you show
where any of the stuff I'm teaching is
found anywhere prior to
me and a lot of this [__] was codified
in
1996 prior to that it was conceptually
being discovered I was figuring out
certain things but I put it in a format
where it is linked to me 1996
then all a sudden you hear about stories
about there's a market maker that was
flying on an airplane and I met this guy
and then all of a sudden that's urban
legend but you're hearing it right from
that person that that guy's talking
about
hello think about it folks I've been
around the block for a long long time
multiple times I've had more
personalities online than you realize
Inner Circle trigger just the longest
one
a lot of big names have their hand in my
cookie jar let's put it that way my
hand's not in
theirs so let's talk about the wick okay
I had fun so let's get get into the
nitty-gritty with it if we refer back to
this one here as I mentioned if price is
ever reaching up okay if price is ever
below it and you have a reason to
suspect that it may go up for the sake
of retracement for the sake of a long
trade and it is likely to continuously
move higher you have to contend with the
information that's being
presented inside the wick okay inside of
that
Wick what specific information if you're
below it it's going to come up into that
midpoint the midpoints consequent
encouragment why is it not mean
threshold because it is a gap gaps
midpoints are always consequential to
its return back into that range of that
Gap so consequent encroachment it's
encroaching on the mid part of that Gap
or
inefficiency so because I when I look at
a wick I treat it as a
gap even though it moves in one single
candle passing from the open of that
candle down to the low I don't care how
long it takes doing it that's not an
important factor the visual
representation of that is enough for me
then I go right in and I measure it if
it's a long long range Wick something
like this one over here I'm going to get
a very specific calculation and I want
to know the very number but if it's
short like this I can eyeball that and
say okay well we're in close proximity
to the 6 PM opening price we're also
approaching the consequent croach of
this gap which is this candle's low and
this candle's high so half of that okay
so here's a here's a convergence of
three things there that build on this is
a good idea to anticipate lower prices
but you are already knew lower prices
were in order back here when I finally
got the stream going you knew yesterday
that this is where the N nasda could
potentially reach up into if it was
going to continuously move higher look
at the turn
there what is this candle doing right
there this
one what's this candle right here what
is it
doing it's trading below that short-term
low yes absolutely it is but what else
is it
doing it's validating this candle this
candle as an order block what kind of
order Block it's a bearish order
block so once we get below and
close here we have a shift in Market
structure but before we do that that
order block is validated that's in
that's the change in the state of
delivery what does that
mean what does that mean when I say it's
change in the state of
delivery this candle opened and there
was buy side delivery that means the
Market's moving higher it keeps booking
and offering higher prices that is buy
side delivery it's going up to go into
that inefficiency I told you yesterday
that would be an upside objective if it
continued moving higher it's also taking
out this High here this High here this
High here and the high formed at the 830
news driver and release that it created
there so it went up there and kept that
Gap in play that old new week opening
gap on July 28th of 2024 some old
reference point that everybody knows
about these gaps ICT but nobody was
doing this with
him nobody was extending him in the
future it was filled all right that's
done cast it out now it's no longer
valid it's one and done over no it's not
I've had so much fun over the years
watching people literally talk about
price action and it's staring right at
them every single day every single week
for weeks at a time and it's it's
completely they're oblivious to it and
they're taking trades that would
otherwise be contrary to what that
implies yeah I'm going to go long we
broke out above here so it's probably
going to keep going because they're a
momentum Trader and they don't know this
information they don't have this
information that you given yesterday do
you see a repeating phenomenon like I'm
always able to tell you with these
Concepts what is the most Salient and
then the market behaves around them as a
manner of
proving the concept the logic and the
predetermined aspects it's before it
happens not after the fact it's before
it happens because if these things don't
have a logic that I'm able to tap into
and it never is deviating or changing or
morphing into something else that means
I'm confident that means I'm to a lot of
people's perspective I'm arrogant and
conceited and
narcissistic okay because I'm absolutely
confident that this is going to
continuously keep working that's why
when I talk I don't sound like I'm
second guessing myself I speak with
authority that's why that tone is always
there because it's mine it's mine okay
and I'm sharing something that you
wouldn't otherwise know about
but if we look at these
elements and you introduce the idea of
Swing
points if you're trying to capture a
reversal pattern
okay there's two forms of reversal I
want you to think about
okay there are reversals for the sake of
changing a buyer cell program
into an opposing buyer cell
meaning this we have the Market's been
going higher prior you prior to
u to 8:30 we've had
this all this consolidation overnight
all this Meandering
around we had to stop
hunt rally up and then go to where we
were talking about
yesterday all of this is higher than
where we were trading yesterday at the
the uh beginning of the stream 9:15 or
so yesterday eastern time so it's been
going higher and it went to some random
level that was given to you in advance
yesterday and then it behaves like this
breaks down so we've been a part of a
buy program it's been going higher we
had to wait for the news driver this
morning and then continued going into
the
upper higher premium levels that we
talked about yesterday towards the end
of the stream I gave you okay what do we
do with the now where it's at and I
walked you through certain aspects of
where the price could go if it's going
to remain going
bullish here we have it it trades up to
it here and then it folds and
drops now if I didn't teach the new week
opening
Gap if you didn't know anything about
this concept
okay this run Above This
high for a majority of you you wouldn't
you wouldn't expect that type of
reaction going there and breaking down
you wouldn't expect
it if I wouldn't have taught fair value
gaps you would have never even looked at
this area here as a point of interest
for you to study it using it as a point
of entry going
short if I wouldn't have taught Breakers
which is what this is high low higher
high that takes out
liquidity but notice it's taking out
liquidity and then it's going somewhere
specific it's not just going above it's
not oh this is an engulfing candle it's
a Fu candle that's an Institutional
candle it is not an Institutional
candle this is an order block these
three the I'm sorry these two candles
here but it's that opening
price that is the change in the state of
delivery so when I say it's a change in
the state of delivery Caleb I'm telling
you that what was in play prior to those
candles formation where was the market
going up
so that means the market was in buy side
delivery suspend your disbelief for a
moment okay
just give me the moment to speak in
these terms if you're one of those
individuals that are in the audience
listening and you think there's no
there's no there's no algorithm bro I
work at so and so Investment Bank
there's no [__] algorithm okay come
out here and do this what I'm doing and
I walk I'll walk circles around your ass
you can use all the [__] that
Goldman Sachs and all the [__] City
all the all the [__] that you use you
come out here live stream and I'll tell
you every [__] one minute candle and
I will call it all day long and I'll run
circles around your ass the invitation
is open it's it's open if you want to
come out here and get on blast Street
come out here and get on blast street
because I will make your [__] look like
Mickey Mouse Romper Room nonsense
okay the change in the state of delivery
in this instance is we move from buy
side delivery that means it's being
offered higher prices not because of
buying pressure not because an absence
of selling pressure okay it's
algorithmically delivering to a [__]
level I gave you yesterday how's that
possible how is that possible if the
markets are random if it's not rigged if
it's not rigged I couldn't do this
stuff I couldn't sit here on a live
stream with the lowest latency and point
out certain things in price action and
they
deliver over and over and over again
if they weren't rigged I couldn't do
that but because they are rigged you
should find solids in that you should
[__] walk around with a heart
on you should be thankful that it's like
this because it's something that's going
to repeat and it's going to give you a
happy ending every [__] time you use
it because it's there for you to take
it it's there for you to take it but
prior to me revealing it it's an unknown
it's something I had fun
with if they're my
toys so the change in a state of
delivery at the opening price of an
order block flips
it from in this case from buy side
delivery offering higher prices again
don't think buy and selling pressure
just think it's going to offer offer
offer offer until it gets to that price
level right there that you knew about
yesterday then does it reject it yes it
does does it
overshoot the opening price right there
it does and I don't need I don't need to
see it close below
it f you
candle he [__] 20 RS but there's 20y
olds that'll eat that [__] up though
won't they chairman
chairman they call themselves [__]
chairman sit in their [__] chair boy
you know what you're talking about the
opening price is the change in estate
delivery in this case soon as we get
that cross over
there the algorithm changes its state of
delivery from buy side delivery to
sell-side
delivery
oh so that
means it's going to refer to this price
it can color a little bit above it up to
how much Michael how much of a gr area
is this if it wants to trade back into
that mean threshold how do you properly
outline that you take the opening
price opening price man I should be
charging money for this [__] if you like
what you're learning today if you're
really having a good time hanging out
with me and learning [__] that nobody
else on this planet is going to ever
teach you the stuff that really works
that caus these markets to turn on a
dime on a time schedule that you can
predict and expect and forecast weeks
and months and years in advance if
you're having fun I'd appreciate a
thumbs up you guys got real lazy the
last few times you haven't been giving
any thumbs up I told you that's our
currency here that means that I'm
hitting the sweet spots I'm I'm touching
your G-spot I'm tickling your ass with a
feather I'm giving you things that
you've been wanting all this time I'm
delivering it and I'm doing it over a
live stream what else could you want
what else do you want you want to see me
trade you'll get it it's coming but I
got to give you the logic that we're
using so that way you can see every time
I'm doing oh it's the same [__] he
talked about yeah it's the same stuff
all the time but this this rally up in
here
okay the body body the Wicks are what
that's where the that's where the little
like the fuzzy areas the the the parts
that like your child that colors for you
they're coloring the picture and you see
them color Outside the Lines a little
bit again I mentioned the analogy last
week you're not going to scold your
child because colored Outside the Lines
you're going to be like they signed
their little name probably misspelled
something you're going to go to your
office at work or you're going to put it
on your refrigerator at home and you're
going to celebrate it it's it's it's to
you meaningful well you're not making a
big deal about your child coloring
outside the lines so I'm not making a
big deal about my algorithm coloring
Outside the Lines by these little tiny
little nodes of erent price action where
it just goes just a little bit outside
because they're all coded
too that's where the damage is done so I
want you to focus on what the bodies are
telling you inside those bodies you want
to measure
that because the mean threshold of the
bodies in not just single candle but
because they're consecutively up closed
candles that makes the bearish order
Block it's not just the last up closed
candle before the down
move that was the Trap I knew people
would go out there and start using it
and start pretending like they didn't
learn it from me oh it's white cof oh
it's a buy demand
[__] you have to take all of the
candles because this is the state of
delivery that was in play byy side soon
as we cross this opening price right
there that means the algorithm has
changed switched script now it's
offering sell side that means it's going
to explore lower prices is it just going
to randomly pull [__] out of its ass and
say well you know um let's just go down
here let's go over here or think about
like this and I'm obviously being
factious and I'm being a dick right now
because I want you to understand the
fallacy in believing that there is no
algorithm that these things are just
completely random buying and selling
pressure pray tell how the [__] are we
going from the opening price here and
we're trading up into that little range
here but we're staying below the
midpoint which is me and threshold we
are not piercing and going above that
fair value guy we stopped one tick below
it so it's like
something other than everybody else's
retail
stuff how is it that the Market's going
to reach back through all of this price
range from that high down to that
low where is it going to gravitate to
and why is it the same logic that I'm
teaching and taught millions of people
around the world they're able to use
this information and they're able to get
funded account pay out they're able to
trade with real brokerage firms not some
horeshit real brokerage firms and
getting withdrawals and paid out they're
paying taxes on their trading
wins it's not Market replay stuff
okay how is it that the things I'm
talking about and how the market will
reach back to
them why does that occur more than
anything else out there and how is it
that if if there's so many if there's so
many things in this industry that you
can use the tradeoff of and yes you can
do that you can trade
on you know
anything weather like I made fun of
yesterday the lunar cycles and whatnot
the planetary alignment all that stuff
is nonsense that that doesn't make the
market go up or down it doesn't do that
so
if there are all these different
principles and dis disciplines of
trading how is it that the
market agrees to use the theology
around Elliot wave one particular day or
um harmonic
patterns this day or Dow Theory this day
or supply and demand this day or white
off this day because they all do not
agree
folks study them I have I listened to
all that horse [__] in my first three
years and every bit of it is dog [__]
it's dog [__] it's all dog squeeze it
absolutely has no bearing on what price
is going to do but it feels good having
your faith placed in something so
therefore it gives that team mentality
and that's why everybody that's outside
of my community when I teach this stuff
regardless to how precise it is
regardless of how many people are making
money with it regardless of how many
people have proven it works not in my
own hands that's not enough everybody
else that has done it and used it and
make money with it you have a huge
daunting task of proving it doesn't work
when you have such an army of witnesses
proving that it does
work but everybody outside our community
take shots at me because I'm very I'm
I'm an equal opportunity prick I'm GNA
piss in the Corn Flakes of everybody
else's stuff because it all doesn't work
because they think it works that's not
enough you can't sit out here and every
single candle use your theology and
explain why it's going to do it you
can't call your [__] beforehand and map
it out all day long on a woman minut
Shar you can't do it you'll have a hit
and miss type thing once in a while
it'll happen but you'll Champion that
like a like a pony here's my pony show
look at this here's my one trick pony
win today but it's all together
something when you're out here over life
price action not Market replay not
hindsight [__] you have to be able to
draw the analogies from something you
have seen work for decades that you had
a hand in that you authored
you getting what I'm putting down you
getting it are you getting
it there's nothing like this because
everything else is external to the
market I am the
market this is the actual source code
this is the stuff that goes on every day
and when they put their hands in there
and they start monkeying around with it
you have to take a step back wait for it
to go back into doing its normal
following its
scripts but we can
identify when a script is
changed remember that little uh scene in
the movie The Matrix they're inside the
uh the building and or inside the Matrix
if you will and Neo sees that little
black cat he walk he walks out in the
opening of the doorway and all of a
sudden he sees it
again and he says that's weird yeah I'm
having like a Deja Vu moment and she
because they all realized that he
noticed something and true yes it's a
movie but the analogy is the
same they said what did you see he goes
I saw a cat and then I saw it again he
goes oh they just made a change they
just made a
change that's what this is doing okay
watch what's happening the market trades
up to a level you were told to
anticipate yesterday as an upside
objective the fact that it draws to it
is one part but does it draw to it
after creating relative equal
highs failing to hit it on the 830 news
driver because I would have
preferred I would have preferred and
while truth be told while watching it I
anticipated that to hit that and I was
surprised that it didn't but all it did
was stay inside the range right here so
they left that high intact there traded
just a little bit above that one there
and right in here so what are they doing
what what are they doing and as as a
helping hand to the retail Trader well
they're giving them what they're looking
for right they're giving them resistance
so what are they going to do they're
going to try to sell short right at this
level or maybe just a little bit above
once it starts moving in their favor
because now they're convinced it's going
to go lower so where are they going to
put their stop
loss oh that's easy right above where
the books tell them right above these
highs and if it's not a good enough
point to do that the ones that are real
prudent they don't want to they don't
want to get stopped out because hey they
know enough about support and resistance
that that sometimes it goes just a
little bit above it so they're going to
be really smart and put their stop loss
right above that high there okay well
the algorithm knows that because those
highs and lows are formed by it not the
buying and selling pressure but it also
knows the [__] [__] that I gave you
yesterday which is the logic it's going
to go up to some random [__] level
found in another retail idea nope new
week opening G right
there
bang then it overlaps it changes the the
state of delivery from buy side to sell
side that means every premium
array everything that could be used as
an ICT Trader smart money Concepts that
are used for
shorts anything that would prevent price
from going any higher that's what your
eyeball starts looking
for okay but you go through the
range this is where we made the high
this is where we changed in state of
delivery and now we're in a move that is
in sells side delivery that means you're
in a sell program folks that means the
Market's going lower for the express
purposes of repricing to any
inefficiency that means a fair value Gap
buy side imbalance sell side efficiency
sell side inbalance sell side efficiency
or Wick consequent
encroachment o that is so good ICT it's
starting to make sense to me
good from that High to that low we can
go back through and see everything over
here and down into that Wick where's the
pertinent useful
information now think about this think
because wof doesn't do
this supply and demand doesn't do this
La wave has no [__] idea he's he's
still waiting for a wave he's sitting
out there on a surfboard
waiting big ICT is out here calling it
live riding the big
wave calling every little tiny little
tube going through it you can see me out
there see it see the sun glistening off
the the crest of the wave and see that
look at that I'm not even getting Sun
[__] burned it's beautiful no
sunblock necessary I'm bringing the
[__]
Heat this guy's a character so the high
to that low you go back through all of
the price movement here okay and what
you're looking for is anything that was
offered as a discount array when it was
going up to that high it will reverse
its
role that's how I know which PD array to
use as an inversion level okay
uh if we are looking for in in here
let's say it like this see how we have
we have a gap here and we have a gap
here and we also have this down closed
candle so we have a gap inside of the
range of an order
block you have to look at that and think
okay that's something we can use as a
buy and we see it there and it was valid
there until we get to this high and over
here so this has been used there as a bu
so extending it further over here what
can we anticipate it acting as some form
of resistance in inversion okay say
order blocks they can they can invert
they can reverse their role their
characteristics can change just like
these candles here are showing you that
little glitch in The Matrix that Deja Vu
moment where Neo said I saw a cat I feel
like I saw that same cat do the same
thing and the other members like Trinity
and Morpheus and whoever else did people
I don't remember their names they were
like oh no there's a change we got to go
because they know that the agents were
in there making changes and they're
going to they found them basically okay
well what you're doing is you're looking
for these little changes in the
algorithm when price changes its routine
they're never ever ever going to be able
to change this folks I don't know how to
say it any plainer than that okay what
they can do let's let me make let me
make some Devil's
Advocates uh these little these little
okay this is what could happen but it
still do to change it it just means that
you might take a trade with this
information and then they run that high
One More Time Boom okay well you just
got stopped out that's all that's
happened to me before
it's happened you watched me do it the
other day I was showing you my trade I
knew I even told my son I said I'm going
to show my
trade and as soon as I make my stop loss
public good old fill right to the stop
and then it'll go where I want to go but
it doesn't change the fact that it was a
winning trade okay but the point is if
you get stopped out you just got stopped
out on that trans that transaction it's
just one trade that that's the outcome
of that one but you can't take your
attention and say well this means
everything's law and it never it's never
going to work so let me go find an
indicator no it just means that that
individual transaction like that one day
driving to work and you got a flat tire
you didn't know you were G to get a flat
tire is it possible you're GNA get a
flat tire sure are you going to stop
going to your job pissed off in defiance
because you got a flat tire there must
be something about that place where I
work at [__] that guy [__] that person
that runs that company [__] that company
[__] all the time and tenure I put into
it I got a flat tire [__] them I'm never
coming back that's what you're doing
when you say um I'm going to work with a
a methodology but first time it fails on
me I'm I'm I'm done I'm looking for the
offering I'm going to change I'm G start
looking that's a system hopping and
Traders that start out in the beginning
they do a lot of that I did it I I ain't
got no shame in telling you because I
didn't know any better but when you come
here when you're listening to me I might
not be so eloquent all the time when I
speak I may not be your cup of tea for
someone to listen to around your
children okay but I'm not going to give
you [__] I'm going to give you the
stuff that works I'm going to cut to the
bone marrow I'm going to get right down
to what matters most and you think I'm
not getting to what matters you're not
getting to the point ICT the point is is
you're gonna [__] up if you don't listen
to everything I'm telling you that's the
point but you don't want to hear it it's
good medicine it might not taste all
that good but swallow okay swallow it's
good for you so now when cross over that
opening price we're interested in seeing
everything gravitate
lower so because I'm teaching my son
incrementally to build in these
objectives of just looking for small
little modular moves small little
modular moves let me get this off now
because we we had up here long enough
the assho on Instagram pretend to be me
with 200,000 followers whether they're
real or not I don't know I love pissing
in his face all the time so the uh that
level right
there it goes up and just
touches well it doesn't really touch
really because that's the high we were
one tick away a half a tick away and a
quarter tick away in here but didn't get
into the fair value
again it did use the breaker
here and it did qualify and prove that
that change in the state of delivery we
want to see it roll over it does this
Wick we talked about how when it went
through that the Market's going to come
right back up because it's going to use
this reference point and this fair value
Gap and this old key price level at 6 PM
the opening because there's no
difference between where we closed
yesterday at 5:00 pm that closing price
and the first print at 6 PM they're the
same price so you're just going to draw
a line like that you can annotate that
anything you want you can call it the 6
p.m. opening price no gap or you can
just say um new session start 6 p.m.
there's I don't ever have a name it's
just I draw a line okay so if I wanted
to have a name for it it'd be one of
those you can you can name it whatever
you want I'm sure it'll be in somebody's
Amazon book and they'll they'll talk
about it they won't credit me though and
then if I not if I find out about it
later on because somebody's gonna
eventually buy the book and they're say
it sounds like I said pe's [__] and
then I'm GNA hear about it an email and
then I'm going to buy their [__] and
then I'm going to go on their reviews
and say this is horseshit it's all lies
go to my YouTube channel in this [__]
video and you'll see that this is where
they got it and then nobody wants to buy
your book and they call you an [__]
and a plagiarist just like John fotti
did
so if we
see that the market it does in fact go
down to our intermediate term price
level which is what the first Target
below all the bodies see all these
candlesticks right
here so ignore this wick for a moment
okay see all that all this range ignore
that for a moment okay and sa price only
looked like it did with the bodies and
not the Wicks underneath them so the
market dropped down here all these
bodies and then we started going
up I want to Target something below
those
bodies so what PD array do I have below
them well if I use this closing price
here that's a rejection block you can
use that and I taught my students this
that's that's a level to aim for as a
partial and see if we can get to it and
then hold on to it and see if it can go
down and continuously
move but I didn't introduce every aspect
about Wicks they're learning it right
alongside of you right now today on
August 14th 2024 and live stream on my
YouTube
channel you're getting it the same way
at the same
time this Wick its consequent
encroachment is
below the rejection block so it goes
without saying if I anticipate the the
price run from here and in here going
down to this level we have to gauge
whether or not does it have the ability
to trade below it we only do so for the
wick but remember I was telling you
watch and see does the bodies confirm
that level it did right and then what
does it do it returns back to an old
area of inefficiency and that old 6 PM
opening
price these are all old friends folks
how many times have I talked talked
about those those key points they're not
they're not a Zone some in ambiguous
where what do I pick as a price in a
Zone a supply and demand Zone if the
range that creates that supply and
demand zone is 15 to 20 handles or 12
handles or eight handles which one of
those levels are important to you as a
Trader which one are you going to use
how are you going to use it for the
purposes of managing with a stop loss
see that that's why it's nonsensical now
I'm not saying some some people can't
say well you know if it's a if it's a
demand Zone just use the highest level
okay that sounds pretty good and use a
stop below plus the range of the supply
and demand Zone some percentage of a
quarter percent of it or a half percent
of it as as a stop okay that's that's a
that's a pretty good methodology there's
nothing wrong with that but that ain't
good enough for me like I I want to know
I want to know that I can put a stop
loss on this son of a [__] and I'm
going to be in there and it's going to
take a real move they're going to have
to really come at me to take me out not
just static price action just normal
volatility that is oh it stops
yeah like yesterday when I was live
streaming like uh or was it Monday I
can't remember which one I was but I I
showed my trade and it went right up
after I said it's probably gonna go up
there and knock it out and fill with
repricing and send it down to where I uh
was aiming for it I was like I go [__]
you ICT in front of everybody but that's
all right that's okay I still beat his
ass and I'm gonna beat you again tonight
and tomorrow and next [__] week it's
going to be the same thing it's fun I'm
having fun with it it's
sport but it takes a real
move not just static
Randomness because if these things hold
logic that's valid then they will work
more times than they fail not just 60%
of the
time okay but the
majority of the
time the majority
of
them you can't have this degree of
precision these elements that repeat
over and over and over again without it
having some control mechanism in
play it's it's only being allowed to do
certain things and it is a facade it is
nonsense to try to make an argument that
the random buying and selling
participants of buyers and sellers
Traders at these price points that we
can see in
advance we can see this in
advance and then it books price this way
and it supports the underlying narrative
that okay yeah we moved from here down
to there the body supported it said okay
we're not closing below it so it's
rallying up did we take out the low no
did we go to the lower quadrant of that
Wick no they're still in play then so if
it's going up here why is it going
up it's going back up to an old in
efficiency and it's reverting back to
where the day
started the first print at 6 PM last
night New York local time it crosses
that again I believe it would have done
that even if that fair value Gap wasn't
there and even if this Wick wasn't there
that's something I would have expected
regardless of anything else needing to
be there that's something I would expect
because from here here going up higher
we don't have a a gap here we don't have
a a fair value Gap there we don't have a
fair value Gap there but we have it
there so let's say that this Wick here
touched this candlestick's low so
there's no fair value got this shaded in
pink okay and let's say that Wick didn't
exist say the candle stopped up here so
the only information I would have is
it's going up just to touch that
6PM price again and maybe
bump if this was the candle's body this
is your order block so it might want to
come back up and bump that again but
because we have the fair value Gap and
the 6m opening price and we had this
consequent encroachment see how there's
several layered things there so right
away you know that it's reasonable to
see it gravitate back to this because
that's the first real
thing that's that's a real level if
there's ever a question
of what's the most most likely level to
trade to when we're like like when we're
down here I'm going to air on the side
of going to that price level before the
fair value Gap because what can fair
value gaps do they can stay
open well it sounds like you're making
up [__] no think about what I've
been teaching you if I'm short if I'm
bearish and I see a fair value Gap above
price market price and if it goes up
there what do I want to see about fair
value Gap do I want to see it close
in [__] no I don't want to I've already
told you that I want to see the upper
half of that or some degree above the
midpoint I want to see it stay open why
why do I want to see that I want every
fair value Gap that's above my target
when I'm short and I'm and I'm still in
a trade I want to see some of those fair
value gaps stay open because that's
telling me this is so weak it can't even
go back up there and repic to it and
then then close it in but because it
does so here that's okay it doesn't
change it it doesn't strip the efficacy
of this methodology it just means that
well you know we had the consequent
apprach here we had the 6 PM price that
acts just like a a new day opening Gap
but because there's no Gap there you
just use a 6PM opening price you don't
use the 5m you use the 6m why because
that's the first print so the algorithm
is going to go right back to
that if there's no
Gap you're focusing on whatever the 6
p.m there's no confusion there is it is
that complicated no whatever that 6 PM
price is that's what you have annotated
on your chart you can annotate it any
way you want I just chose to use this
again I don't have this stuff on my
chart it's only for the purpose of
teaching my son
here all these levels are in notation
form like writing it down a little like
9x5 yellow pampl like like little
I buy them from uh Office Depot you get
like 12 of them in in a bundle and every
day I write the date and I write down um
I'm looking for a sell program looking
for a buy program based on what I think
is likely to happen for the scenario and
then I write down any PD array that's
going to be useful to me what their
price is and the time so I'm writing the
time and the PD array with the price so
I have it in numeric format and labeling
on my notepad and my chart is completely
naked
it's it's actually harder for me when I
have all this stuff on the chart
because I end up spending more time
talking or paying attention to the
things I'm annotating for you as a
student learning and it distracts me
from watching the actual price action
especially over a live stream where I'm
communicating I'm teaching I'm lecturing
over something and it it kind of like
takes my my time and and focus off of
the real time candle so this month of
August is's a lot of this type of stuff
going on but once we get through August
and September I'm just going to be
talking about what the individual
candles are happening at the moment and
where they may gravitate to and all this
other stuff this this you the supported
commentary and and things that I feel
that's necessary as I go along I I want
to be speaking only about every
individual candle that's forming so that
way Caleb can watch and see what I'm
thinking about every Candlestick as it's
forming which brings me up to the point
of uh
uh Al Al
Brooks I am not teaching Al Brooks stuff
and Al Brooks doesn't use any of this
stuff either okay um I talked to Tom
hugard who is a student and fan of Al
Brooks and he himself said that there
there's no there's no comparison it's
totally absolutely not the same thing so
that that's the new flavor of the month
where they're saying now I I took his
stuff because Al Brooks apparently
teaches you know reading price action
one candle at a time he ain't reading it
like this I'm a I'm a new language that
everybody's learning okay I'm not
Reinventing the wheel I'm not
transcribing and translating something
somebody else did this is a whole new
science we're we're evolving okay we're
Way Beyond everything else but if you
want to collect that $5 million go
through his stuff and see how everything
I'm teaching ain't there do your best
because it's either is or there isn't
and there ain't nobody out there that's
like
me but you go through all of these PD
arrays anything that has a gap and we
were talking about this one over here
and you have a gap right there so you
have an order block and a fair value Gap
so if I ever have a fair value Gap and
Order block that's inside the range
meaning that see the high of that candle
the down close candle the black one and
you have this candle as low that's
that's basically the same range this Gap
is inside of the of the bull shoulder
block so what am I going to refer refer
to am I going to label with The Gap
levels or I going to use the order block
I'm going to use the order block okay so
I'll use this range here and what you do
is you take this this is how you do
[Music]
it all right so initially when we went
down below the opening price on this be
shorter block Chang in the state of
delivery so that means your mind turns
to okay the Market's going to just keep
offering lower prices it's going to have
little retracements it's going to have
little pops up higher but they're going
to be shortlived they're going to be
very controlled they're going to be
stunted they won't be allowed to be
really protracted to the
upside and then once it gets to a level
that I'm teaching you that the market
refer to which is a premium PD array
everyone that forms as the delivery is
unfolding they're Salient too but if
there isn't an inefficiency in the price
run going lower as it drops whereas we
end up creating one here see that fair
value Gap that we've been talking about
that's the first fair value Gap this
small little one in here I wouldn't care
so much about that and the reason why is
because it's still inside of the range
of the order block that we extend over
here so this was used as a buy we can
see that here and then when we went into
a sell program now the Market's going to
start going lower at this time so the
market goes up we watch to see does it
want to get in its fair value G remember
what I was saying when watch the stream
you'll hear me say I'm interested in
this one I want to see I want to see why
am I saying that because we're inside of
a
breaker and it might be enough just to
Simply do that trade into the breaker
and not go up there and it's actually a
good thing for you to see where trying
to be very very precise and you having
limit orders as your entry mechanism you
may not get a fill so what do you do you
use the price delivery continu on Theory
it means okay your time frame on a one
minute basis here suggest that you this
is where you're trying to get in at but
if it starts to run without you do you
just say [__] it I'm going to start
trading oil today then I'm not thinking
like that I used to as a 20-year-old
when I missed my only setup that I was
anticipating stalking and hunting if it
didn't if it didn't give me a fill and
it ran away without me I was like okay I
missed the whole thing and I'm looking
at moves that would be like $8,000 in
the bond market okay that's that's eight
full
handles they're they're trading $1,000
per handle so to see a whole 100 Point
move okay just going one contract that
type of movement would literally be
$1,000 it's
$32.25 $31.25 per tick okay so a full
run like that and if it's eight of those
that's a $8,000 move and a move like
this in the bond that means I'm probably
missing out on
$300 four less than $500 I I've missed
it so therefore I'm not interested in
those $7,500 that could still be taken
in my mind when I first started as a
Trader this is probably what most of you
feel this way too oh well I I need to
know how to find these because I I see
it happening and then I miss the
move or I chase it and I don't know when
to get in I put my stop loss in the
wrong place or I get scared out of it I
just keep losing even though I'm right I
know where it's going I'm watching your
live stream you're pointing to where
it's going and I'm taking trades even
though I tell you not to do that
because you're learning fear anxiety
because you don't know what I
know and just because I'm highlighting
something doesn't guarantee it's going
to happen and if you're trying to pass
funded accounts and trade in 15
contracts because they say that you can
afford to do so you can still do it
wrong and be right in your direction
that's very
frustrating and you're not going to
blame yourself for breaking the rules
you're going to say I'm an [__] and
this stuff doesn't work but you sit down
with me and we'll see that you didn't
listen I've had students that tried to
do that [__] show me your log book show
me what you've been doing show me your
trade entries and show me why you got
into that [__] trade soon as that
question comes up the conversation ends
because they know they don't
listen just like I didn't listen when I
first started codifying rules around
these ideas I tried to make excuses for
well I'm G to try to be outperforming
these rules I'm better than
this okay and I never established a a a
a
baseline to trust initially so I had to
force myself to go through that stuff
and you have to do the same thing and
I'm forcing cayb to do that as you can
see he's not getting an easy way he's
getting the Woodshed [__] just like all
of you do there's a lot of things and
you have to figure out where your model
is in all of it and you don't need to
have every aspect of what's available to
me as a creator of this
stuff you just have to have little
compartmental compartmentalized segments
of price movement that make sense to you
that's logical it's reasonable to
anticipate forming at the time of day
that it should behave that way so at
this point at this point we start
looking for every possible reason for
price to trade down well this area here
with the order Block it's it's in close
proximity to where the start of the move
would be so are you going to have that
on your chart and have all that much
interest to it
no you do want to see it trade below it
which it does here so at that point I'm
not interested in that one so what's
below what's below that we have this Gap
right in here which was already used yes
[Music]
watch this is all trading inside the
range
okay I'm going to change the color this
a little
bit well actually a lot would
be the uh this is your Gap here which it
trades down to it here why is it trading
with that little I call a mohawk where
it colors outside the line why is it
doing that because there's an overlap of
that candle's Wick and that candle's
body so that's a balanced price range so
it's just validating that it's a stops
like a like a like a you will not pass
you not go any further okay and that's
why that little Mohawk stops there um
90% of the Mohawks that I anticipate
where the market trades this outside of
a PD array I can see them I can
anticipate there's logic behind of them
I'm not going to teach you all that
stuff and that part won't be in the book
okay so I want you to know that there's
a lot of things I'm not going to teach
because I'm just not going to do it and
I don't give a [__] who asked them
twists my arm and calls me before them I
am not teaching it done okay so you can
see how the market uses this fair value
gap which becomes what now let's say
okay let's say that
you are a fan of the concepts that I'm
teaching and you really are resonating
with them and maybe some of the things
I'm teaching it just doesn't jive with
you you're like ah I can see when you're
put up but I would all that okay don't
beat yourself about up about it what are
you noticing in price action what do you
see because when last year on Twitter
spaces when I was teaching the concept
of inversion fair value Gap not every
fair value Gap becomes an inversion fair
value Gap by the way okay and there's a
young man out there that's very
overzealous about inversion fair value
gaps and he almost implies that he
created himself but
I understand your enthusiasm and you're
zealous but not every fair value Gap
becomes an inversion fair value Gap okay
but if you didn't know the logic that
I'm teaching today about the Wicks okay
if I didn't teach that and you didn't
know anything about it and there wasn't
this Gap here in the pink say that
didn't ex exist in this price time right
here and there wasn't a sixpm opening
price that we would referenced anyway
and say that was the case and that we
still
started retracing here what would we be
using
then that Gap extended over becomes what
inversion fair value capap and what
would we want to see with that logic ICT
tell me something that you didn't change
and change the logic around it's got to
be consistent because if it's changing
you're bullshitting everybody and I'm
getting lucky over the live price action
that's what it sounds like okay to some
of you that's exactly what you think but
listen what I have said many many times
times if this is the gap
here to here extended
over look at that little square right
there that's the
midpoint that's consequent encroachment
of what that Gap that is now going to be
expected to be what an inversion fair
value Gap do we want the inversion fair
value gaps to close in
entirely in other words if it trades up
to the low of it do we want to see it
trade all the way up to the top and
touch that no why because every
inefficiency if I'm short and it's
trading back up into it I want to see
the upper half or some portion of the
the upper half of it stay
open I want to see that why because I've
been talking about it since last week
every
array that is an inefficiency if it's a
gap if it can't fill the gap entirely
and I'm short and it trades up here and
leaves a portion of it open that is
telling you the clearest loudest way to
say this Market is not going up it's
weak so start looking for lower targets
it's going to go
lower is that a hard complicated thing
no am I changing the theory around it no
is it manifesting itself here yep so it
doesn't matter if you don't have the six
PM it doesn't matter if you didn't have
this fair value Gap and it doesn't
matter if you had this Wick here if you
didn't have any of those things once it
started coming down we're in a sell
program I would be extending these
things over here that's what I use with
Market maker sell and buy models that's
that's how you're using them you go back
through the range okay back on baby Pips
I I start I was going to start leading
myself into some of these lectures but
not to the degree I ended up dealing
with a paid
mentorship I never intended to teach all
that stuff but it became fun revealing
more and more and more and I got
addicted to everybody's astonishment and
I got whipped up in my frenzy of it and
just it was fun but just know that there
there there's a limit to how far I'm
going to go with it all but there's a
lot more that I'm going to share but in
here going back from here to that low I
did a lecture on baby Pips it's called
Uh trading inside the range and I
started to teach the beginning elements
to some of these principles and at the
end of
lecture I actually had anxiety about
having done it because I I I didn't feel
comfortable revealing it I just I didn't
I didn't feel comfortable doing it and
it took time you know putting my toe in
the water to see what would happen if I
revealed a little bit more and revealed
a little bit more and revealed a little
bit more and over the years you know
it's it's a lot out there now but I had
to make sure that I have a language that
I can lean on as this is what I'm
teaching this is what I'm
showcasing this is this is that okay but
there's nothing else out there in retail
that this is what it's replicating or
duplicating or barring the logic of and
believe me $5 million is a nice chunk of
change and if it was possible to be able
to say that this stuff is renamed
rebranded you know called something
different thousands of you would have
came forward with it and it's not
happened so there there you go there
there's your obvious testimony that
anybody that says that are just paring
other people or they're trying to sell
something and they're trying to just
take the attention and momentum around
what it is I'm giving to the community
because they want to sell their
[__] hey I understand Gres are
expensive but you go back through all
that
range and you start looking for where it
acted as support where it was discount
where it sprung price higher like a
trampoline when you start going down
because you're in a sell program why
because he has a change the state of
delivery here everything starts seeking
lower prices it's not just simply well
here's the support let's just go there
that's not that's not enough for me
because how will you if you're here and
you expect it to trade down it's not
going to do that in one shot can it do
it sure it could it could have a big
candle just fall out of bed and go down
there but you won't be able to trade
those kind of environments anyway just
like this kind of day is or this kind of
kind of individual Candlestick you can't
trade the PPI and the CPI number you
can't enter those candlesticks and many
of you probably are discovered that you
can't even use the paper trading
platform on trading view when you have
these big reports because they're
lagging like there's there's no you
can't even do anything with it so which
is kind of a good thing because you know
that keeps a lot of The Fakes out there
from saying look you know I did 50
contracts on this on gold and look where
my fill was you didn't get filled on
that [__] so so you go back through all
of this price range and then you have
this Gap here so let make make a
notation of that one you have that and
look where the bodies are stopping in
there see that yeah we go up into that
fair Val Gap because it's there so every
new array that forms that means any
short-term High any bearish up closed
candle which is an order
block any Gap like a fair value Gap all
of them have to be referenced
my attention every time it forms a new
one in the new cell program they're most
important to
me if they agree and they converge with
something inside of the buy side of the
curve which means while it was going up
if it matches then there's going to be a
lot of weight associated with that and I
expect price to remain heavy you ever
notice what I'm talking about um in in
trades where I'll comment and say I'll
type it out and say I I want to see
speed and distance or I want to see
large range candles those are
indications in my mind because I'm
seeing things like this where okay
there's a fair Val Gap over here that
acted as something bullish how do we
know that because look what it did here
traded down to here and then repelled
price higher okay that's not support and
resistance it's the logic that that
inefficiency stayed open you see that it
didn't complet completely come down to
that candle's low or that high that
candle which is the low of that fair
value Gap that's what you want to see if
you're going to try to buy a fair value
Gap and the Market's bullish and you're
and you're right you think the Market's
going to trade to you're buying the fair
value gaps high or something just above
the consequent encouragement because the
likelihood of you getting at consequent
encouragement or just below it and being
filled is very
small can it happen absolutely if you do
you'll have one of the best [__]
entries and that's the one you can go on
Instagram go on Facebook put
advertisements out and say I'm selling a
course look at this I learned this
[__] that's the ones everybody wants
a dog and pony
show but it's a steady diet even if in
my own hands I don't get those types of
fills so I have to use a very low
threshold of Entry that means I'm going
to use the easiest barrier to break
through I'm going to use the high of a
fair value Gap that that's going to act
as support for me I'm going to buy that
discount array at the the high of the
fair value Gap or one tick below the
highest part of it and I'm going to try
to get my largest portion on there if it
trades to the midpoint of a fair value
Gap and I'm bullish I'll add on another
portion and I'm not afraid of it if it
leaves that fair value Gap and comes
back down one more time test of the
consequent encouragement I will add to
that trade
again and if you look at my trade
examples they're all over on Twitter the
ones that don't have I put songs in
there because I I like I like I love
music okay and the trades that I'm
taking at the time I I like to use a a
song that I was listening to
and because I would take the the trade
and condense it by by speed because you
only had to have I think it was like one
minute and something over there on
Twitter used to be that was the timeline
I had to or time limit it had on on the
videos I thought I was safe by using the
music over there but I don't sell like
engagements over there like I didn't
make money by having people watch what I
do like I didn't monetize that over
there but the artists would obviously
you know put copyrights against me and
they take the videos down that's why I
told everybody when I was on Twitter I
said if you like these things download
them because I was always getting uh
suspended on Twitter last year and year
prior because the artist or the the
management company that holds the rights
for their songs uh they were making me
or making Twitter or xmail removed the
video because it had a song in it to me
that's a thick move because I'm not even
monetizing it like I'm literally giving
the credit to the author of the song and
I'm a fan of it and
is just me just doing something with no
money I'm not making money off of that
but uh I get it I understand but the uh
the the rights holder or the artist was
having a lot of those videos taken down
I haven't been on Twitter I haven't been
on X I haven't even logged in I don't
even know what's going on I don't know
if the account's still active or not but
uh I
know last year I was telling everybody
that they were putting copyrights
against me and they were they were
literally removing the videos I wasn't
deleting trade execution videos I wasn't
trying to hide something I told
everybody to download them so but if you
have them or if you have the ones that's
still up there if you look at them
you'll see some of the things I'm
talking about here that's what I'm using
when I'm trading when I'm pyramiding uh
entries for instance let's just say that
I wanted to sell
short when we ran above these highs in
here and traded right in there as a bold
face bullish candle selling short right
there that is is a turtle suit why
because it's clearing these highs it's
clearing this high and it's trading into
a premium array and it's been going up
since last
week so it's reasonable to anticipate it
to do
what retrace and challenge
what the consequent corion of that Wick
because it didn't do it here so we've
pushed and pushed and pushed and push
push we had two real high impact news
drivers yesterday and today it's
Wednesday hump day we're we're in here
reaching for a market level that I gave
to you yesterday and we we watch it
break down I would not have been
filled on any entry here at all because
I would have had a limit order right at
this candles High plus one tick that
that's how I would have used it and it
you watch and see me in the live stream
here I said I'm interested I'm watching
this to see if it wants to get up in
here because I'm not going to execute
today not not yet I will be executing in
front of you you want to see this stuff
being pushed on a button I'm going to do
that because I want my son to see how to
enter orders how to place a stop when
the mood to stop I'm gonna be doing all
that stuff I'm not afraid of that stuff
okay but I'm not going to be doing it as
a service okay I'm not gonna be out here
you doing a dog and pony show every
single day because every time dick can
here has a $5 doll men mentorship is
going to duplicate what I'm doing
they're going to literally say what I'm
in my charts doing and anybody is not
watching me in another world third world
nation they're going they're going to be
like this guy is smart but all they're
doing is paring off of what I'm doing so
that's why I'll be using the 15-second
chart because even though there's a the
smallest delay in latency between me
doing this live and you getting
it that's the way I'm going to combat
that that's the only way I can combat it
because everybody wants to duplicate and
copy everyone that's hot and popular and
this old man still got some some spice
in this stuff so everybody that wants to
you know rip somebody off they're doing
it mostly off of me
but you'll see all the entries and stuff
but I have to give you the foundations
because it's really meant for my son and
then when I start showing him how to
enter the orders where I put the limit
order in where I place my stop loss and
yes it's important to use a stop loss
not like put a trade on hope it moves
around and then put a stop loss on
screenshot it when it's in in profit no
look at my executions I'm picking a stop
loss and look how nice they are those
stop losses have logic behind them just
like I'm explaining all these things in
here they have very specific elements
that cannot be explained in a 5minute
sentence or video there's so many
supporting things that have to go along
with everything that makes these things
work which is why I tell everybody it's
going to be expensive you want it to be
fast and easy and I wish there was a way
to do that I wish there was a way to do
that but you can see that it's not
something that is explained right away
in one statement and you have everything
to know about it and you don't ever need
to revisit or even worry about practic
ing studying it you now know what an
order block is because guess what it's
the opening price if it's multiple
candles just find the opening price of
the of the up close candles that's a
change in the state of delivery they're
going to write a book they can't trade
it they won't be able to do it they
won't even be able to sit over a live
price action and explain to you why it's
going to
happen but I'm telling you how to do
this stuff so that way once you learn
it and you digest all the information
I'm supplying to you because again I'm
not talking to the guys on Twitter I'm
not talking to guys on Instagram I'm not
talking to other people on YouTube I'm
talking to my son so I want him to know
everything I don't want to say to him
I'm going to give you a condensed
version and filter out a lot of the
essential parts that's really going to
make it easier for you when you have
adversities trying to use it you're
going to know it like the back of your
hand that's how I teach I'm teaching my
children how they know it like I know it
everybody out there that has my logo in
their [__] and trying to sell the idea
that they know how to use this
information sometimes they they can use
it sometimes they can't when they talk
about certain subject matter that I know
they don't know because I haven't fully
taught it that's what gets on my skin
but that's also the reason why I'm
teaching in Great Lengths because I
talking to my children I want them to
know every aspect that means if you
listen to the dialogue of everything I'm
saying I'm giving you what you don't
realize is going to be a problem you
don't know yet because the question
didn't come up in your your development
or your testing of it yet you haven't
even messed around with it in lie price
action you haven't con you haven't
investigated any of this yet you're just
hearing me talk about certain things and
you think well I understand how to do
that no you don't you don't know how to
do it you just know what I said and
that's not the same as going out and
being able to understand how to read it
in the new price action that's going to
form
so when I get questions saying how do I
know what fair value get to use I'm I'm
teaching that to you here
today how do I
know how to trade the market maker sell
can you talk about Market maker sell
models and buy models everything I talk
about is part of that even if I don't
even mention it if I never mention those
terms Market maker sell Model Market
maker buy model every aspect of what I
trade off of is part of either a market
maker sell or a market maker buy model
it's always there but because and when I
taught that lesson
go into the lectures okay they're on the
mentorship videos go in the playlist go
into the 2017
mentorship and you'll see me talk about
Market maker buy models and sell models
and I talk about the buy side of the
curve and I talk about the sell side of
the curve okay when the buy side of the
curve is unfolding that means it's buy
side delivery that means down closed
candles or fair value gaps that get
traded down into should Supreme
trampoline push price higher
once we turn to a point where it should
reverse or could reverse which is in
essence a turtle suit environment turtle
soup is a reversal
mechanism this is a change in the state
of delivery turtle soup and then you
have a turtle soup that is a entry
mechanism that's part of an existing or
unfolding cell or buy program what does
that mean what what does that mean that
means that this is a chain
in a directional price run that's going
to most likely be sustained for a
session or day or
longer the turtle soup aspect is we're
taking out the liquidity Above This high
and all these highs here so the the buy
stops that's resting in here for anyone
that wants to go short or be short if
it's not there it's definitely above
there but how far ICT well that's the
reason why you want to have these new
week opening gaps and new day opening
gaps on your
chart five weeks for new week opening
gaps five days days for New Day opening
gaps you are welcome and I encourage you
if you can organize your charts
sufficiently to do more than that but as
a baseline to start with you'll see many
really really nice trade setups using
that criteria five for end dogs five
days for end dogs basically and then
five weeks for uh new week opening
gaps and
logs it doesn't sound right it's dog
sounds cool it's like yeah BL what's up
indg yeah what's Up's n dog give me
fiveo that's that's cool NW kind of
sounds like an Ewok [__] something
wrong with that guy something wrong with
him but the information that it gives
you okay that information is gold
because it the markets are going to do
what with them they're going to act as
magnets so if you have one element of
Turtle suit that is a change in the
state of delivery that causes a
directional change that's going to be
sustained okay that's a reversal
pattern then you have Turtle soups that
are entry techniques that are part of an
existing price run that's still yet to
be completed meaning that we can look at
all the run from here down to this low
here in anything that sees a short-term
High
pierced not just by the
wigs not just by the Wicks the
bodies that's why I'm not
teaching uh Linda rash and Larry
Connor's uh Turtle suit this right here
is not that pattern either go go look at
I'll tell you in in in a very simplistic
way the book Street marks has a pattern
there's two of them there's turtle soup
and there's turtle soup plus
one and all it is is they look for a
20-day high and if it trades above a
20day high they will fade that and go
short and they have a very short
profit objective it to me it's infantile
it it really doesn't make any sense but
if for short-term trading like getting
in getting out real easy no brainer type
things you know if if it's going to fail
at a 20-day high or low and I don't
trade this folks like I don't trade that
pattern there's got to be something else
but for that book that's all they had
and then there's 20 20 days plus one
which is basically the same thing just
one more day and reverse it they look at
an old 20-day what's the lowest low in
the last 20 days if it go goes below
that they're going to buy that well
that's not enough information for me and
just as well as they try to capitalize
with the name which is really clever um
they try to capitalize on the low hit
strike rate of the turtle traders that
Richard Dennis trained because he used
that 20-day breakout system they would
buy 20-day highs and when it was a
long-term Trend it would just keep on
going and they would make their money
there but they had a lot of losing
trades that the 20-day High breakout
would fail and it would go back into the
range and stop them out so they had a
very very low strike right if my memory
serves me right it was less than 38%
accurate so how many how many times you
going to stay with a trading system that
has that low of a success rate chances
are you're not you all think you're
going to get 98% and all that [__]
that's not going to happen for your
first couple years you should be tickled
to death if you're less than 50%
accurate and you're still profitable
that's a huge Olympic win because most
people can't even get that
you can be profitable and have a very
low strike rate but it takes the the
mindset of understanding that it's about
making money it's about staying solvent
it's about following rules and not
blowing the account but it's so easy to
go on tilt and lose sight of what it is
you're trying to do and lose sight of
these these building blocks these
Stepping Stones to okay well this is
this is what I'm going to use and if
that one transaction fails it's okay I'm
going to go back tomorrow and I'm going
to wait for these things they be there
again and I'm not risking a lot so Caleb
can do every execution when he starts
trading but he can't risk more than
1% but with Turtle soups that are part
of existing price run not a change in a
direction like we have here you have
turtle soup entry mechanisms for your
your your trades well can you think of
one without having to go on to any
detail further right at this moment I
want you to think about it for a second
what did you learn from me thus far
maybe in this
mentorship this year maybe it's in other
lectures and things I've had on the
YouTube channel or maybe I talk about it
in Twitter space when I was on Twitter
but
what what concept do you think would be
an
example one example of a turtle soup
that's an entry technique in a trade
that a existing Trend or momentum or
sell or buy program is underway with can
you think about that
what do you think it
is it's too strong for in
drill how about
that we have
that in the form of we have a old high
here see that why is this High being
utilized anyway because it's a fair
value
Gap every time I go into a short on a
fair value Gap or if I go long on a fair
value Gap my mind is I'm trading in
inefficiency with a mechanism of
entering with a turtle suit so I'm
buying below an old low so if I'm bu
like for instance I didn't take this
trade so just for full full disclosure
let say that I was seeing this at the
time okay and I want to take a trade and
I want to be a buyer I'm going to
use come
on this Candlestick here the high why am
I using that remember what I was talking
about earlier look at the wick it's
overlapping inside the top end of that
Candlestick that makes that small little
I'm G have to zoom
in I know you guys can zoom in on your
YouTube but I I want to really get in
here and kind give you the brass TX to
this because if I'm going to teach I'm
going to
right so we have this Candlestick run up
and then we have this portion where we
opened and traded down you might look at
this and say well why don't you have
this and
this that's something entirely different
that's a that's is this is a normal
run-of-the-mill ICT fair value Guy this
is this is what you get when you watch
one video and you think you know
everything about it you don't just like
when I teach a volume IM balance okay if
I teach you
to use a volume imbalance when there's a
fair value Gap in formation that means
that there's a there's a separation
between one candle body and another
candle's body that is inside of the fair
value Gap we don't have that here but
what do we what do we have we have an
overlapping of this candle's high it's
all body and then we open we trade down
it overlaps this little portion in here
but there's no Wick there you see that
big Telltale sign what's occurring there
it's
flush and one little tap down so and I
highlight this I'm highlighting that
you're thinking I guarantee you I
probably got comments right now and
they're probably gonna go in there and
delete it now they use my most recent
post on my community post uh you're
drawing the fair value got wrong no
you're not you don't know what the [__]
you're talking about this is how I would
classify this inefficiency but I have to
encapsulate it here because this is a
balanced price range between this low
and that candle's high that is a PD
array that you've never learned before
it's the first time I'm introducing it
just like when I introduced the the
Inception of the volume imbalance when
there's a gap the fair value Gap you
have to incorporate that because that's
the real range of that
inefficiency this inefficiency here you
have to refer to that as
well notice it doesn't even get down
into that Gap low right there where it
was like
this there's nothing there it's just a
gap that stayed open you're wonderful
but that's not the narrative The
Narrative is is you have a balanced
price range here inside of a fair value
Gap so that's why the market goes down
to that level there and sends it higher
so in case you were watching me earlier
explain this because I was in a rant um
you were probably thinking oh this
doesn't make any sense no you don't know
all the details this is why you can't
get a f- minute trainer you can't get a
dollar mentorship a mentor telling you
this stuff they don't know they don't
know okay I promise you they don't know
if you're not if you're not learning
from me you're getting watered down
[__] you're not getting you're not
getting the real details and it ain't
going to work for you
so extending that over
here that's what that's the range but if
you have this Candlestick here for that
that Gap from here to here see that that
Gap is part of the cell program it's
it's formed as it dropped so those are
going to always be the most important
ones I'm watching that because what I'm
watching is I want to see does it
converge and agree with something that's
over here that formed as a basis for
taking a trade okay let's say that we
did not have um this Gap
again and say we didn't have this Gap
and this Gap what over here would be in
agreement with this six o'clock
time remember yesterday at 6m we have to
annotate that either with the new day
opening Gap if there's a distinction
between the 5:00 pm closing price and
the 600 p.m. opening price because
there's a that one hour gap in in price
and trading they don't they don't trade
between 5 and six o'clock we always
annotate that as a new day opening Gap
but if the
5m closing price or settlement price is
the same as the opening price at 6 PM
all we do is draw a single line and you
can label it whatever you want if that's
all we had there and we didn't have the
inefficiency in this form of this Gap
here and we didn't have that one here
what what else would be there and let's
say we didn't have this Wick here say we
didn't have that what else if it was
retracing up what else would I lean
on I would use this obviously but it
could trade through them remember it can
spike it can cause candlesticks like it
did here that have Wicks what is it
doing look to the left it's part of the
buy side of the
curve what do you
see don't look at my cursor I'm not
putting my my cursor on it to give you
uh any help I want you to try to think
about it and tell me what you see I
obviously can't see I can't hear you but
isn't this a
wick see that so what do you do at Wicks
like that ignore him oh it's a dogee ICT
you're Reinventing
[__] come on Ste Steve neelon guys
watch this Steve neel's the Candlestick
God puny God there's the halfway point
of that Wick that's pretty [__]
random isn't it it went right to that as
well and even if didn't have all these
other things if this Candlestick went up
and stopped short of that that means I
absolutely know with a great deal of
confidence that the next candle when it
opens I want to trade into the body of
this candle and as soon as it does that
that's going to be treated as a bearish
order block not because it's an up
closed candle but I'm trading it because
it's inside of the range of that
Candlestick remember I was telling you
many times in rants many times on
Twitter spaces I can I can trade inside
of an order block before anybody else
would recognize it as an order block or
they want to call it a supply or demand
zone I'm trading inside of the
Candlestick that will later on be
obvious in hindsight to someone else oh
that's an order block but you were
entering before the order block how do
you know how to do that ICT you're
getting all the answers in 2024 baby all
you got to do is show up just take some
[__] notes all the information is
being disseminated to you like a fire
hose okay don't complain when it rips
your [__] face off just be thankful
you're getting a
drink that Wick that consequent
encouragement extended on over here so
how many things are you seeing
converging right there
lots that tells you that this
retracement here is going to send price
lower that's why I said I want to see it
now go down into go back and listen to
the stream it's going to be there I
can't change it we're going to look at
it and see if it can reach down to the
lower quadrant and it gravitates from
here down to that
then what does it do it returns back to
the midpoint consequent coach of that
Wick see how that works boom Oh this is
classic support and re assistance no
it's not it's not supply and demand it's
technical
science and
conre it's technical science baby you
know he's [__] watching these
videos if someone tells you that they
can tell you what's going to happen in
intraday charts run away from them
they're they're a con man they they
can't do it they're not well what do you
do with us it's a whole whole bunch of
us doing up Market trades out to that
and then trades down to the low and
explores below the low which is what we
have here
okay now with that said I've exhausted
everything to do with the B side of the
curve over here then the the rest of it
is just simply using the rejection block
and the actual low okay so we went
through all the PD arrays from that high
going backwards inside the range so
that's trading inside the range so my
question to you is out of all those
things there which element is your
multiplier what's the one that you see
right now I'm not saying that you can go
out take a trade with it it doesn't mean
that you can go out there right now in
front of the whole world live stream and
do entries with it that's that's not
realistic for you to expect that I
wouldn't expect that out of you but
which one did you
see chances are you didn't see all
that you might have saw one or two maybe
three
things but which one did you easily see
without me making special attention to
it or if you're brand new out of all the
ones I just described the one that makes
most sense to you right now because
that's where you
start that's your beginning Point that's
the thing that you look for in price
action and when it's not there you do
nothing until you get more understanding
and more learning more experience
watching me call this stuff over live
price action then you'll
oh I started with soand so PD and that
was where I first started learning but
then I really fell in love with this
particular PD I'm leaving it blank so
that way it gives you the flexibility
and allow your personality because it's
essential for that to be there I don't
want to force you into this is the only
way to do it but Caleb's going to have
to learn all these other ones in
addition to just simply a fair value got
because it supports holding on to a
trade ICT can you talk about how to hold
on to a trade because I get shaken out
of Trades and I'm I have a Target but I
I get scared and I get taken out of it
because I close a trade and then it goes
to my target well you have to know your
range up here well if it's going to go
lower where it's going to
go to that low is where sell side but
before we go there we have all kinds of
opportunities which is what I just
outlined we don't need it to go below
that low or even trade to that low to be
profitable any one of these PD arrays
that we outlined and rejection Block in
that low and this Con encro on that Wick
that could have been a partial that
could have been a Terminus for your
trade and guess what that doesn't mean
that you're stupid it doesn't mean that
you're not good at trading because you
didn't hold for all this run down
here you have to have a starting point
like my son Caleb he has to have some
kind of measurable expected range to
operate in at around a specific time of
day and do the same things every single
day and not worry about what's going on
outside the bar the boundaries and
parameters that that entails because
you're you're always going to find an
excuse to feel like you didn't do enough
you didn't make enough you didn't get in
at the best price you didn't hold for
the best price and get out at the best
price like that that's something that
you're going to be plagued with the rest
of your life as someone that's been
doing this for 30 plus years I don't
like my
exits I want them to be perfect I want
them to be better than they are and you
see what I do with my executions and I
show them an entry manage the show you
see that it's it's it's pretty good and
if I can go back in time and say that to
my younger self at 20 some years old
here's how you're going to know how to
trade later on I'd be like if I can just
do that I'm happy but that won't be true
when you get to that point because
you're like I want to go beyond this so
you're always stri at least for me I'm
always striving for Perfection knowing
it's going to evade me but I'm going in
the right direction I'm not trying to go
the other way I'm trying to refine and
make it better and usually that's done
by doing little little and less not more
of the same stuff it's just doing less
of the things that I try to do and
that's when I don't try
to beat my own
systems when I don't do that I I have
the better the better exits and when I
try to finesse certain things because
you know I think I've woke up on on a
better side of the bed I think I'm going
to really do a stunner today my exit
aren't as fashionable as other
so I don't know if that means anything
to you but I just learned that that's
what I've observed in my own my own
exits my own strategies and such
but when the market creates this fair
value guy this high right here okay let
me take let me take this off for now let
me take all this stuff off for now and
what I'm saying is
conceptually from this candle's opening
price all the way
down to here and we'll just use um
we'll replicate this is also a targeting
strategy so you can write this in your
notes too it'll be in the book in case
you don't fully get it here because I
have a wick I'm I'm grading that price
swing or that that range if you will we
have a quadrant so if we have
this and it's one quarter of that range
I'm going to Ballpark another quarter
range projection lower and it's about
right there I'm try I'm looking at this
here to here okay that's what I'm that's
what I'm doing right there and
if I want to I can do
this
um that would be negative
.25 what I did it wrong
there you go that's pretty good that's
that's pretty close for for ibon it for
52y old with with a prescription updated
my eyeglass I had my ey glasses um
prescription checked and I discovered
that I have gone up two prescriptions
and that's the biggest jump I've had
with my vision in my whole life so
that's a little disconcerning but the uh
the range here I just projected that's a
good Target right there so if we're
going to go below this low how how how
can you determine a very low threshold
very easy lwh hanging fruit objective if
you want to try to trade for something
lower than that low how how can you do
it well what what is that low part of is
it part of a range like this Wick or is
it part of the range from this high down
to that low
if it's going to go below that for the
express purposes of using the wick for
your Target or the Range High down to
that low if it's going to go below that
low for seeking liquidity okay uh let me
do that does this okay we just did the
measurement on
uh that that that anchored right here
we're going to draw this up to that
high and you can see it's on that low
the same the same aspect of
uh what we were trying to uh measure for
projections we can do that same thing
with that range here and whatever the
20% or 25% or a quarter of that
range here we can project lower that's
the lowest threshold that's the the
easiest if it's going to go below an old
low how far can it go below the old low
and you can get that measured by
[Music]
that so you have the low of the actual
candle like
this see that that's the low that's
where we were targeting and anything
below that would be liquidity what kind
of liquidity sell side and if you're
using the range and you're going to be
using uh range
targeting this range is the high to that
low and this is one quarter of the range
projected below that level that takes us
to this level here and that's a pretty
good Target I mean you won't get all
that but that's okay I mean that's
usually like a a if you're not using
standard deviations now standard
deviations are taught in the mentorship
videos on the 2017 mentorship playlists
I don't recall off the top of my head
because I'm 52 I'm I'm I'm having a bid
moment right now when it comes to think
about where the the content was per
month I don't recall what that was
because it's been a little bit of time
since then but where I'm teaching
standard
deviations that is the closest thing
that I'm going to reveal to the public
on how to get really really really tight
Precision grouping with your exits that
are closest to the highs and closest to
the lows but if you want something
that's very simple doesn't take a whole
lot of work it's really off the cuff
quick it's just what I just showed you
here okay if you just rewind this
portion again it'll make perfect sense
to you the only thing you're doing is
trying to get one quarter of the range
beyond the the low or high you're trying
to trade for so this is what we were
aiming for and that's the excuse for
reaching for something in here or in
here and being content with not getting
anything beyond that and that's going to
be a skill set for you to to acquire
where I made enough
money and you have to come to terms with
whatever that is and over time you're
going to see that that is more than more
than plenty but it won't feel like that
when you're when you're first learning
so back to this right here for turtle
soups that are part of an existing price
run anytime you're trading in a fair
value gut you're literally trading a
turtle suit you're trading above and
going short an old high which is this
candle's high so it's not support and
resistance that we're trading we're
trading with the express purposes that
there's an absence
of buyers that's been afforded any
opportunity to be a buyer Above This
candle's High that's essentially what my
fair value Gap this doing so let's do
this let's amplify this again this is a
little reminder if you guys are learning
today if you like this kind of stuff
because when I when I don't see a lot of
uh thumbs up and I'm I'm teaching stuff
that I never really wanted to
teach it kind of makes me feel like you
know what I'm I'm gonna I'm gonna slow
my role and I'll just not be so
forthcoming with the information because
it doesn't cost you anything to do a
thumbs up but I like seeing that because
I know if I got 100,000 views on a video
and
175,000
views of a a lecture and I see like 10
th000 likes or 5,000 likes or 6,000
likes to me it's a little insulting
because I don't need to be here I could
very easily Say Caleb [__] these people
I don't like what what I'm doing I don't
feel encouraged to do it um it's free
and they're not appreciating it and it's
kind of like an Fu or a middlefinger to
ICT when it's like that that's how I
view it because you're not going to get
this information from anyone else
they're not going to explain it they're
not going to give you the details
they're not going to give it in a way
where you can use it and know how to do
it without me ever teaching it to you
again that's how I'm teaching teaching
it there's no catch here okay but I
understand it's the mentality of most
people today is you know you owe it to
me I don't owe a [__] thing to
anybody
but a guy leave me a comment saying hey
when you say [__] you we have a lot of
students that really like you and they
might think you're talking to them in
this regard I am because if you're
watching my stuff and I'm pouring my my
attention and and time into my son and
I'm making it available to you um I know
it I know it works you're watching it
unfold live over the
charts um there's nobody else doing that
so if the logic is real and it's valid
and it repeats over and over again and
I'm telling you the why that way you
learn how to use it trust it and then
you can anticipate it how to know how to
find it on your own that's what
mentorship is it's not me it's not me
out here demonstrating my toys it's me
teaching my son in your witness so when
he's duplicating these types of things
you were there as he learned it how he
learned it there's no secret lessons I
look I'm 52 I'm running out of energy
here so I'm pouring everything into this
it's not going to be anything outside of
this because I'm pouring hours and hours
and I got people complaining your your
your videos are too long well then break
it up nobody says you had to sit down
and watch it in one setting that's the
problem you're trying to rush through it
all but the fair value Gap is this we
have one single pass the Shaded area is
highlighting this candle to that low
that candle okay I don't care about
anything else except for that candle's
low because there's no volume imbalance
there see that no volume
imbalance we're part of the cell side of
the curve we're dropping I want to see
it stay low I want to see it stay low so
I am only interested in technically
seeing I don't really have that
highlight I'm going to take this six
o'clock price off so I got to remember
how many steps I do so I can do control
Z it'll put it back meaning this so if I
take it
off and then I'm going to add the
midline on this so that's how you do
that I'll make it black
cuz I want to make it pop on the chart
so all things being equal no Wick
discussion it's just this fair value got
what we're talking about is it's part of
a sell side delivery it's part of a sale
program the Market's reaching lower for
sell side side or a discount
inefficiency I took your attention to
the midpoint of that
830 cap which is here I forgot I change
the
color so if it's going to trade up into
this inefficiency where only one candle
passed so between this candle's high and
that candle's low it only went down one
time in one candle for one minute
that's inefficient with buy side buy
side is where price is offered going up
buy side liquidity is where it's
reaching for while it goes up see buy
side liquidity are actual pending orders
in the marketplace either to buy into a
new long position or to buy and exit a
short position as a stop loss being
activated I'm looking at that high right
there and I want to be a short seller
generally on the fair value Gap I'm
trying to put my limit order at
that price or one tick above it that's
my first six contracts that's my model
and then if it can trade up into the
midpoint or as it starts to slide
towards it then I'll throw in my four
contracts so what does that give me it
gives me four
lots that gives me a total position so
far scaling in 10 contracts I am not inv
in you to trade with 10 contracts I'm
not saying that you have to trade with
10 contracts for it to be profitable you
should only be watching price action
Caleb and saying okay this is where
we're eyeballing it and saying I want to
see how it behaves once it trades there
does it go all the way to the midpoint
does it go all the way to the Top This
is permissible remember that term it's
something that is allowed to happen and
it doesn't change the underlying
direction or where the Market's going to
go it just means that this is possible
to happen it doesn't change anything
it's
better it's much better if it only goes
to half or less and then does this
because that means it's really really
weak but because I already expected to
go lower this is just an opportunity for
the market to repic to that level right
there that candle's low it doesn't
reduce the the uh the effectiveness of
the trade it doesn't make it more
profitable or less profitable it just
gives me as a emotional and
psychological comfort that I am on side
it's going to start really running away
quickly after it rolls out of here and
doesn't go in the upper half so meaning
this if it's like this
portion like say it's like that much of
the
Gap doesn't get traded to and say this
Wick only went up like to here but left
all that shaded area open and not touch
that that high and then it did this
price action
here that's usually if you watch my
examples and you'll see me talking about
it in real price action when we get
through the August uh content and then
we start looking at minute by minute
second byc Candlestick and then what
you're observing Caleb what to
anticipate what it should do right now
not the overall grand scheme of how the
read price and where it's going to go
and how to behave in those ranges that's
what we're doing right here this is the
beginning point and it's not a one
module Tech uh lecture it's there's a
lot of clearly as you can see there's a
lot of things that you need to weigh out
if you really want to know what price is
doing how to trust that you're going to
be a part of a trade and hold on to a
trade I've answered so many questions
already in this lecture that have been
brought to me over the years
constantly but you want I want if I'm
shorting a fair value guy I want to
enter at that old candle high and by by
the very nature of it that's a turtle
soup you're going short above that high
you're trading in an area of
inefficiency and you think this is
Turtles suit you think it's
this this is dollar mentorship menu uh
memberships where they they're trying to
teach you this stuff the wish
version why you gotta go there ICT why
you got to start some trouble you're
always trying to bring a Ruckus no I'm
trying to remind these cats that they
don't know [__] and they're pretending
like they do and they're hurting people
you're messing up people's expectations
and understanding and they're actually
prolonging their their learning curve
because they got to learn that horseshit
first and feel realize that they just
watered down something and taught it
incorrectly and they come back to me and
then they're like oh man I wish I would
have just started with you
right whatever you can go you can eat
where you want to eat but you think this
is Turtle seat just a
high Pierce above it and there it is
but that is
[Music]
true here that's a
breaker Breakers tend to be Turtle soups
in changing directional sustained price
runs where you have high low higher high
there's your breaker but the essence is
a turtle
suit that is not what's going on when
you're using as a trade entry that's
part of an existing or underlying or
unfolding sell program or buy program
because you're looking at one single
candle like this and you have to get
above that
candle where can it how far can it go
see it's going to be harder for you to
do
these entries here because as it's going
up like that you're not going to want to
stand in front of that it takes more
experience learning the things I told
you this level yesterday I know you
probably didn't watch the video some of
you are just looking at this one or you
didn't watch the entire video yesterday
you heard me talk about other things and
you're like okay he's done I'm teaching
I'm not everything I said yesterday was
valuable you might not see the value in
it now because you have a myopic
perspective but these these levels were
given to you
yesterday and the market goes up into it
trades to it and then rejects it it
takes a whole lot more understanding and
a whole lot
more complimentary understanding with
other PD arrays to do these types of
Trades selling right there and you've
watched me do examples of that it's on
Twitter go look at it there's examples
of it on my YouTube channel too look in
the executions uh live execution uh
playlist you'll see it it's
there but these are the more advanced
ones these are very very demanding in
your understanding the fair value gap
which many of you are real customed to
now you're comfortable with it what you
don't realize is you're doing the same
thing
here that high is
here this high is here the difference is
is this is a visual aid and telling you
how far this part of this run above this
old high here which is this individual
Candlestick how far can it go
ICT where where's too
far too far is going above this candle's
High that's a stop loss
entry here stop loss
here now that's the the the Baseline
entry strategy and where stop- loss
would
be take it one step further how can we
take this to an amplified Advanced ICT
mentorship video this is a charter level
content this whole video is really this
whole stream is the charter level my
Charter students are [__] tickled to
death right now they're like man this is
the [__] man we've been waiting since 20
2016 here he is out there now doing it
oh man they love it you should see some
of the [__] they're
saying what do we have
here what is
that let me move this out of the way so
you can
see what's this part right
here isn't that a
wick
oh well let's use that information
because that candle is the high end of
the the fair value Gap pattern is three
candles it's this one that's candle one
here's candle two and candle three a
fair value Gap the inefficiency is
always candle number two if it's a down
closed candle it's a sell side in
Balance byy side inefficiency SI I bi I
CBI if it's a fair value Gap that has an
up closed candle it is a buy side
imbalance sell-side inefficiency or a
bissy B II
candle number one if candle number one
has a
wick right here underneath it that is a
premium array that means it's below I
sorry it's above the fair value Gap and
it's trading up to here you're thinking
I'm going to get into a trade here or at
the midpoint and you want to see the
upper half of that stay open that's this
area right
here Classic Fair Value Gap then where
you start Kayla when you're studying
this you want to be observing price
action and you don't want to see it
trade to this high right here okay in
other words this is what it looks like
this is the Frameworks that way you can
have screenshots of
[Music]
it man I'm so nice to
you this is stuff I did not want to
teach I did not want to teach it you're
an [__] you should have want to teach
this no it's too good
[Music]
you think you you think you like this
stuff you ought to see the stuff that
I'm never going to teach that makes
me all right so we're going to do top
right it seems like it's probably too
much that's good so stop loss is
here and the
entry would be
here so you're going to watch this level
Caleb this is your
let me thicken it up a little
[Music]
bit we'll make that this
color man this is a long video go watch
somebody else I'm here teaching my son
how to be profitable and how to read
price action
you don't want to be here for that go do
something else so entry is here stop
loss is here that's that's the the
methodology okay Advanced
version okay how do you mitigate
underlying risk how do you reduce risk
how can you use smaller stop losses how
can you make your stop loss really tight
like this how do you know that these
stop losses aren't going to get hit how
do you know ICT when you're holding dude
the bro
bro the stop loss has me in tears oh I'm
dead the stop loss killed me that's all
the comments when I'm sharing examples
when you see me using the stop loss
placement I'm going to show you one
element to sometimes not all the time
it's a lot of things that go on based on
individual trades but initially Caleb
when you're watching price not taking
trades you're watching it enter you're
thinking okay I want to see it how it
behaves here if it goes there I'm
expecting it to go half way no more but
leave a portion open but if it goes up
there then you demand immediate response
where it needs to drop
okay if it doesn't completely come back
to this candle's
low and it leaves a portion of that open
that's what you want and then you
anticipate very fast speed and big large
range candles going lower after it
trades to that candle's low
like that once it does that then you
absolutely demand immediate response and
the same thing happens in my videos
you'll see me say I want to see speed
and distance and large ranges going down
and then you get it that's qualifying
and quantifying the setup real time as
it happens you need to be doing those
things while watching price not entering
a demo not entering a demo not pushing
any buttons you do this for months You
observe and you watch and it teaches you
and trains you to see oh yeah this is
what it looks like it's going to behave
this way and then when you start using
the the elements I'm showing you here
you start
with this price level plus one tick if
it can trade there that means it's got
to go two ticks above that if it books
that price you hypothetically say you
would be in a move but you're not you're
not even demoing it you're tape reading
okay you're watching and observing and
then at that point once it does that
hypothetically you would be in a trade
whether demo or live using that logic so
you do not want to see it book that
candle's price high but what happens if
this is a little too rich for you you
don't like that it's too much range how
can you reduce it well if you have this
Candlestick number one in your fair
value Gap if it has a wick like this
this is a premium array because it's
going to be trading up to it you don't
want to see it trade there but you can
take that Wick and do this
[Music]
there's consequent encouragement of that
Wick
plus two
ticks there you go the market will run
up here at one point this will be a
boldface bullish candle you'll [__]
yourself okay you'll be scared some of
you watch my live uh examples of trading
and you watch it and you're thinking oh
man it's is gonna be stopped out and
then all of a sudden it doesn't how do I
know that I'm doing things like
this but you don't want to hear me you
don't want to learn because you want a
little video something that tickles your
asss and and gives you a right now
little thing talking point so you can go
around and start talking like you know
something when you don't I want you to
know it I want you to understand it so
by examples of things like this it
affords you better efficient stop-loss
placement you don't you're not
fearful why would I why would I fear
this never being hit because it's two
ticks above the midpoint of
this this candle opens and trades down
isn't this overlapping that candle's low
when it does this so essentially what is
this area
here it's a balanced price range
balanced price ranges we don't ever want
to see it go down start here go back
over and then come all the way back to
the Top If it does that it's probably
going to go higher and I don't want to
be in that trade so I don't need to put
a stop loss up there I can be just above
the consequent encouragement of that
Wick because it's a gap just like this
is a gap
okay so anyway that's the business there
so now I taught you how to trade and how
to enter trade stop loss and how to also
use a very very small stop loss I've
also taught you today how to anticipate
when the Market's going to run and be
aggressive and start creating large
range candles there's only two
circumstances that caused that I taught
you both of them today when you leave a
gap opening or if it closes the Gap if
you leave a gap opening and it's the
upper half when you're bearish or the
lower half when you're
buying once it leaves it it needs to
accelerate and move away and that's true
but if it goes up and fills the Gap in
entirely like it does
there it must immediately give
you speed and distance and large range
candles moving away from it and then
once it takes out this low here that's
now we're in a new Range
low me put more data on the
chart you're learning some [__] that
ain't you man I wish you would have
taught like this first time ICT see they
can't be happy they'll never going to be
satisfied instead of saying thank you
for teaching it they're going to say I
wish you would have talk like this the
first time you're a
dick oh [__] you can't win with some of
these guys so anyway we were looking for
this level here we had the response as
we were looking for it and trade it off
here once it takes out that
low if you see that happening in your
mind Caleb you would say partial there
even if you had single contract partial
there and you screenshot it as it trades
below that and then you watch and
observe how does it behave how does it
behave goes up one more time bumps into
it and drops away comes back one more
time I gave you the order block here I
said we do not want to see it trade bu
go back and watch the live stream I know
you can't rewind it right now and I'm
not going to change that because when my
son's watching live data I don't want
him to be able to rewind or change
anything he has to see it as it's
happening and if he isn't watching and
paying attention at the time happening
he's [__] missed it just like you
you've missed it you missed the
opportunity you've missed the
opportunity to study it real time it is
what it is there is no DVR advantages
here this is the way it is you don't
like it go watch somebody else I'm not
in here trying to make everybody happy
I'm here training my son this is what it
is but he's in the [__] dungeon now
so this Candlestick I told you that's a
bearish order block we have a fair value
out there I don't want to see it trade
above it we already outlined and showed
you
that it didn't do it see
that
so if you were going to trade the order
block say that was going to be your
methodology and you were using that here
okay where would your stop loss
be this is this is a a real a
challenging question for some of you
that haven't taken notes today
for those that have been taking notes
this is a pretty easy one if you're
looking at this bearish order block okay
it's part of the Run that's going lower
okay this is the midpoint of that Wick
at 830's Candle we are exploring the
likelihood of it trading lower we're
part of a sell program that means it's
going to most likely continue dropping
lower okay so it's only coming back to
that midpoint to do what offer fair
value so if it leaves it like it does
here
starts to trade back up that right there
is your bearish order block this is
where the algorithm gives
little like a mile marker like a bullet
point or an exit ramp or a traffic
control device if you're a professional
driver um a notation if you
will this is where your eye should go to
okay and that range gives you the levels
to trade on if you have not been a
participant of the trade yet you can use
this up closed candle to formulate an
entry but where does your stop go it
needs to be above this candle okay it
needs to be above it but
where where where's it got to
go some of you're
young I'll give you 10 seconds more for
the ones that still thinking about it
I'm having fun today I might go till 5
o'clock
no no don't do that I'm gonna be I'm
gonna be
divorced I'm my boss is gonna fire me
I'm trying to watch you listening to you
and I'm and he's gonna look at what I'm
doing it's not my fault bro all right so
anyway you probably already noticed we
have this premium Wick it goes above as
the next candle above that Bear shorer
Block
your
stop would be right here plus one
tick that means you're safe you're
you're inside of the realm of staying
within the context of the cell program
you're above the fair I'm sorry you're
above the bearish order block and you're
encapsulating it based on the wick
because the wick can be if with this
like this okay there are times where you
will see this formation of a up closed
candle and it drops and then it'll Spike
through and if it does Spike through and
there's a wick what it does is it's
going right up into half of that Wick or
just falling short of it then if you got
stopped out that's when I'm going to go
right back in
again if I missed something down here
and I'm seeing price as it's trading up
into that
Wick okay I'm going to get short there
trusting that this was the order block
and this is where the damage is being
done don't think for a second the order
blocks are always going to be protected
they're not always protected sometimes
the market will color just outside the
lines there's no Perfection but it
doesn't change the underlying narrative
it doesn't disrupt any of that now I'm
gonna give you one more advanced topic
and then I'm going to close it because I
am
hungry and a banana and a little bit of
orange juice before I started today is
simply just not
enough all right
so there are times when you're
anticipating a price run okay okay and
it's going to reach for a
Target if the market is reaching for
these upside targets or downside targets
and it creates the
Wicks but doesn't reach the targets okay
and it starts to create like this
reaching element where it goes up a
little bit comes back down it goes a
little bit higher and it goes back down
if we anticipate a a level and I'm going
to be full disclosure here I believed at
8:30 that we were going to spike up and
hit this uh new week opening guy I I
believe at the time watching it I
believe that that would happen and it
didn't happen right away it deferred and
waited until the opening bell which is
the next expectation because that's the
time elements right well 8:30 we had a
news driver it failed okay if there was
no news driver that had like PPI CPI
fomc or non perel if those things not
being part of the equation if they're
not in
The Narrative or the the day that I'm
I'm looking for these types of things if
it does something like this where it
creates a Candlestick Wick like this and
I believe it's going to trade up
here remember CPI PPI fomc and non-farm
payroll those characteristics that are
around those types of reports they're
always manually intervened that means
that the algorithm is not letting or let
me say it this way the algorithm is
being interrupted and disrupted and
there's a hand in in the in the mix if
you will it'll go just short of where
you will go later on when the Market
opens at 9:30 or it'll go beyond where
you thought it was going to go and just
keep on going those are the two criteria
this that's the reason why you have to
be very careful on those trading days
that's why I tell students don't trade
on those days because you don't know
what you don't know and you're going to
discover that you don't know a whole lot
and it's taken some of your ass off of
you ripped your face off decapitated you
blew your account wrecked you divorced
you okay ruined you got you fired
because you you lose your mind because
you lost your account at work and
they're like what the hell is you doing
I lost my money trading well you ain't
supposed to be trading now you're fired
you can avoid all that stuff by simply
not trading those
days at the time of the release of the
report at doesn't mean don't trade them
at all I've I've made it very plain and
clear that you should not be trading at
the time of that release even on nonm
payroll if you want to trade the
afternoon it's easy to do that you can
trade 20 30 15 minutes after uh the
initial non far payroll numbers hit but
trading into them or trying to predict
that you're never going to be good at
that and just avoid it but with those
things said and all things being equal
if the market starts to route and I
believe it was going to trade here and I
told you that yesterday the Market's
going to trade up and try to gravitate
towards that if
the market does create this Wick and
then the next candle we start to trade
up okay but let's just say that I
believe that they're going to manipulate
price because not because the a30 news
but they're going to leave relative
equal highs or I believe they're going
to engineer them okay if I believe that
then what I like to look for is this
formation it's the opposite
of
that where you're predicting
highs projecting highs with the
Wicks sounds cool doesn't it watch if we
have a day or a session and I believe
that they're going to try to keep um
Hots and I've done this on Twitter I've
done this in execution videos I've done
this in Twitter spaces where I I've
literally called out every individual
candle or I've mentioned them in other
people's live streams or I'll go into
their chat when and I'll say I believe
they're going to keep the realtive equal
highs open or not traded to until the
opening bell or at 10:00 then I think
they'll run it up there and then we'll
use a silver bullet
idea if I have a an inkling that the
Market's going to keep a high in place
or a low in place I like to use this
concept here which
is the first Candlestick that creates
that
Wick here to there you see that
now what happens if it falls short of an
objective where I'm reaching for and
this is ultimately where I think it's
going to trade to maybe later in a day
at the opening bell or after the opening
bell during the opening range the first
30 minutes between 9:30 and 10 o'clock
New York eastern
time if I think they're going to keep
that there and but I'm say I'm scalping
because I can buy long and sell short in
the same day and go back and forth back
and forth like I was talking about
yesterday I want to be in a market
environment that creates and promotes
those opportunities if it's just
one-sidedness and it's real lethar you
can chopp you back and forth but real
tight ranges but still drifting High I
I'll leave that to somebody else to
trade that and they can tell me they
made 300 handles and I'm a dick because
I didn't I didn't make as many handles
there but then I can come back you know
the next day with less of a range and
make four times than they got
so if those instances are there and I
believe that the range is going to stay
intact and they're not going to trade to
an objective in other words I believe
that they're engineering liquidity
meaning you didn't know about new week
opening gaps and started talking about
it so imagine a time before you learned
about them you might be thinking when
this candle was bold-faced bullish wow
it's going to keep going higher who
knows where it's going to go right well
if I believe that they're going to hold
that
range and use this objective later in
the day post 9:30 opening
bell and I start to see a Candlestick do
this and I'm long say I'm long in a
scalp once it creates this I want to see
it's still likely to go here I might be
wrong so I'm going to give it a chance
to go one more time to reach for it if
that's the case then I can take this
range here and it's going to do the
opposite it's the mirror image of what
this was
doing where we create the high the high
Wick okay and it's trading half of this
Wick here but this Wick and then half of
it it just falls short of half of that
that's reasonable but what happens when
you anticipate a range staying intact
and it not breaching it or trading to an
objective because they're engineering
liquidity they're deferring a run to a
particular price level but you're in a
trade or you're watching price action
it's really fun to do this you you see a
candle create this initial Wick and the
next candle it starts running above
it what's this candle's high you're
you're looking at that price right there
okay right here what's that candle's
High 19,1 149 even right that's what
you're seeing right
here this is half of this candle's Wick
that has yet to
form and what is that boom that's that's
algorithmic I used to sit on baby Pips
and troll the [__] out of everybody and
say look I'm telling you I can call the
highs and the lows I can do it with
individual candlesticks I can do it in
an hourly candle I can do it on daily
ranges the low you weekly range I can do
all that stuff a lot of those things I'm
not going to teach you that
stuff but tell me how this is buying and
selling pressure how how the [__] is
that just gonna just be like
that Wicks do the damage but it's
controlled demolition it's
controlled it's
controlled they're only going to do what
it's what it's coded to do until they
manually intervene and when they do that
everything goes out the TA off the table
out the window don't trade simply sit
still I don't care how much it moves
around how how many people come forward
and say they made money here they passed
their funded account challenge or they
got this much and they're gonna get a
payout on I don't give a [__] they're
not going to do that as a steady diet
everybody can get lucky once in a while
once in a while but you're not here to
try to be a onetick pony you're not here
to try to get good enough to show one
broker statement
one day that you did it right you're not
trying to do that you're trying to be
consistently profitable and you before
you get there you got to be able to see
what these things do how they repeat how
they tend to repeat when will they you
when will
they produce these setups when do you
anticipate a price run and by having all
these things understood you can clearly
see it just in today and yesterday I
have given you the equivalent of
literally six chapters in a book that I
couldn't write in a
book these are subjects that you have to
see them in charts you got to watch it
unfold imagine me explaining to you in a
in a screenshot picture when it was up
here I believe that it could trade into
this fair value Gap I believe it can do
that I believe that it's going to use
this as a breaker because we've already
ran stops in a level that I knew the
previous day take my word for it bro
trust me right away we're at at a point
where the people are going to be taking
the book and sending it back to the
publisher say I want my money back this
guy's talking out his ASL hindsight but
see you can't do that today you can't do
that yesterday you can't do that since
last Monday when I started streaming
every day you can't do that because I'm
giving you things that are over top of
real price action
live and I let's say I took a picture
and I didn't have any of this data to
the left uh to the right of all this
here and I was pointing to this level
here saying trust me bro
this is where I think it's going to go
and then I show you the next picture and
it looks like that that's the equivalent
of what you get from people mentoring or
using Market replay how how is that
inspiring it doesn't inspire me I would
feel shitty if I was trying to use
examples like that like I have to be out
here live explaining this because if it
isn't real I can't explain it it
wouldn't be there it won't repeat right
I mean clearly you can appreciate that
even if you don't like my personality
you don't like the way I teach you have
to come to the conclusion and be real
if it's there if it's valid if the stuff
really works and if I know it then I can
communicate it and explain to you what
it's going to do conceptually why it
should do it and when now if you get
those things understood can you think
for a
moment put your put your pitchforks and
your torches down for a minute for the
people that are watching don't like me
you're just looking for little bits to
talk about and troll think about it for
a second if those two things are equal
and true that there's Sound Logic here
it really does work and it could be
timed would you agree that if you had
those aspects under your belt and you
understood those components to this can
you see how easy the entries are after
that can you see how easy the stop-loss
placement would be and how the target
where to get out and where to take
partials at because literally I gave you
the clinic on those very things today
and
yesterday and you didn't need to see me
push a button you didn't see me do a
demo you didn't see a live account you
watched me explain these candlesticks
that every human being that's watching
this indic all around the world we're
all watching the same Market it's not
like [__] Forex where Tom Dick and
Harry's [__] brokerage firm has a
different high or a different low a
different opening price because they can
[__] you in the spread everybody has the
same price we're all looking at the same
thing you can't you can't get you can't
escape it you can't get around that that
aspect it's it's
real and I'm doing the lowest latency in
live
streaming I pulled out the levels I told
you where to focus that when we first
got on the
stream I was a little discombobulated at
the beginning because I was angry but I
found my
groove but I taught you
today two forms
of Turtle suit real one not wish version
not the street smarts version
okay but this one here is going to
require you to understand a whole lot
more because it's going to be very
difficult for you to sell short as it's
raging into that and I promise you there
ain't a [__] on Twitter and a
[__] on Instagram that's going
to take a trade as it's bold face like
that and go short and do that over and
over and over again I can do that and I
have examples of proving it with a live
[__] account not demo
I have examples of that you can see them
you can watch Meer them you can see me
using a stop loss you can see the
targets being
hit but when I teach I teach with a
demo I teach that way because I'm giving
you an illustration inside of a
controlled environment that I'm not
going to take a loss I'm not going to
realize a profit and that means that I'm
teaching you under that medium's
limitations so that way there's no
communication here I am not trying to
tell you copy me with your real account
copy me because I'm pretending to be a
financial advisor I'm not I am a
Candlestick
Whisperer okay that's what I am I'm
telling these candlesticks when and how
to move and how to dance and I'm
teaching you the language and the sheet
music they follow that's it that's all
we're doing here that doesn't mean
buying and selling profits that doesn't
mean Equity curves going through the
Moon it just means that that is our
language here that protects me it
protects you that means I can talk and
be free about what it is I want to talk
about and how I want to talk about it
and no one can take it out of context
and say you caused me to lose money no I
didn't absolutely not
nope because if you copy me and you're
going to see down in the lower left hand
corner it's going to say paper
trading and I'm going to execute in
price action live using the logic that
I'm outlining here for my son and when
these trades pan out you're going to
have to you're going to have the problem
of thinking
okay if he can do this why didn't he do
with a live account it's because I'm in
the United States there's an
organization called the commodity
Futures Trading commission they have
tapped me on the shoulder in the 90s
because I was not using risk disclaimers
and I was telling people what to do and
I didn't know that that was against the
law then and they served me papers at my
aunts when I was living with her and I
don't want any legal trouble not with
that [__] so I learned by lesson okay I
said okay I a never doing that again and
that's why there's rist disclaimers in
my description and at the start of the
live stream and when I see other people
live streaming that don't have those RIS
disclaimers I'm quick to tell them you
are [__] around and you're gon to
find out you do not want to be mess
around this [__] they back then they
loved [__] with people and I was
growing in my community on America
online
so there you go I don't want to be in
trouble because some [__] said you
caus me to lose money and here's the
proof proof of what that you traded with
real money when I'm trading with a demo
account you're losing that [__] case
right away they're not even going to
worry about me because I'm trading in a
demo account you people in other
countries you think you're [__] smart
you TR you leave condescending comments
like you're so intellectually Superior
oh you're trading with a demo account Mr
demo Trader you have no idea what it's
like in the US these [__] our
country is so litigious they're trying
to sue everybody especially now
everybody's looking for a
lawsuit and frankly uh I don't give a
[__] if you ever like me or use my
information I don't care I have enough
people out there that have used it
they've communicated their their
appreciation for it and I'm teaching my
son how to De it so because you're all
watching you're all watching me teach
him and because it's public I'm going to
use that Medium as the same methodology
I've used all along as a mentor I'm
teaching through the medium of a demo
account if I can't do it with live price
action where it's real time price data
if it doesn't hold up to that well that
it goes without saying it wouldn't work
in a live
account that's that's an easy litmus
test do you think that somehow that I'm
going to forget how to do it because now
there's
money real money it it's just it's the
same same thing it's the same
thing nothing's changing the logic isn't
morphing than something else I'm not
excited about or fearful of whatever the
outcome of the trade is going to be
that's the whole point of you learning
the whole point is for you to be here to
that way you desensitize yourself and
strip away all the fear and the concern
and the excitement about making money it
shouldn't be exciting what you should be
excited about is you're learning how to
read
it you're being comfortable with oh I
wasn't surprised by that I expected it
to do this I expected it to do those
things and when you get to that
conclusion it's very fun to be a traitor
because you're not going to go around
with a sharp stick where you know I've
done this in the
past it's that how I got traction that's
how I built my channel initially um if I
started a fire people would come there
and see what's burning and it's usually
the people I was pointing to and here I
was trolling them with a demo account
knowing full well I'm claming them
because they can easily come back and
say oh you're you're demo baller right I
called myself the demo baller that's why
everybody calls me that I call that term
but I did it as a way so number one I
could be disarmed what could they say
against against me nothing they can't
say [__] I've already proven that I'm
teaching through a demo but I'm able to
see something in real price action that
they're not able to do so I had a lot of
fun with that and sure did I overstep my
bounds and and get a little too hard
with a few of them years and years ago
on baby Pips of course I did but that
that's how you you you create an
interest because otherwise I'm boring
right I'm an old fuddy duddy guy that
just talks too much so if I can cause a
fire a train wreck a car accident where
there's smoke there's fire that means
that I don't have to
advertise I'll get people talking and
then that's how this channel grew to 1.3
three what 1.33 million uh followers not
one advertisement not one and I'm not
liked by everybody and everybody thinks
I'm a
fraud everybody's like well he's not on
the leaderboard of robins cup are you
still in the robins cup yes I'm in the
robins
cup but I don't see anybody
else I've given them all this whole
year and not one of them got up there
well that's not entirely true one got up
there by
accounting eror but after that nothing
apparently it's not his circus it's not
his
monkeys that's a pretty good one that's
a pretty good excuse but I was looking
forward to I mean look we're going into
September in a couple weeks I mean good
grief it should have been easy for them
to get up there and at least make a show
right but we'll see we'll
see it's gonna be fun in December
December
31st I might come back on January 1 and
wish you all a Happy uh New Year on
Twitter I'll come back just just for
that but I taught you a lot today I
taught you a whole lot today and some of
these elements I had no interest ever
sharing
and you know granted is everything that
I thought here going to be applicable to
every one of you no some of you had lots
of your questions answered some of you
have new questions that came from this
and that's great that's great write
those questions down in your Journal
okay and
you'll see by the natural progression of
me doing this over live streaming and
talking about price before it happens
and watching and and and giving you
further details like I was doing today I
taught the only two elements of Turtle
suit there is
okay buying below o lows or selling
above old highs there's only two forms
of that it's trade Direction and and
change in state of delivery which is
this is a turtle souit for that it's not
the street smarts version of it I just
like the name okay love the
name if I had another cooler name you
know I I've used the idea in that name
since 1995 so it's kind of like why
change it I always give credit to the
inspiration of the name and the idea of
stopping out somebody because that book
those two authors they were highly
influential to me understanding being
stopped out and going the other
direction like I I didn't it didn't
cross my mind that that was a thing I
was that's how green I was as as a
Trader in the 90s early
on but it solidified it I was like oh
[__] that makes perfect sense now oh I
no wonder okay that's what that's what
happens to me when I'm wrong I'm getting
stopped out and it's going the other
direction and I'm not aware of what's
going on and I'm in Shell Shock like a
deer in headlights I'm staring at and
watching the price keep going going
going going and now we can see when it
changes and we can be a part of it and
when we get that run that we waited for
that we went into the trading day
looking for not well I don't know what's
going to happen today let me just find
something [__] that if you do that if
the start of your day is like
that you have an 80% chance of leaving
the day
unprofitable write that down if you're
going into the trading
day and you don't know what to expect
you're waiting for more information and
you are going to make a trade come H
high water you're going to trade you
have a 80% chance that you're not making
money that
day I'm telling you that's the
gospel contrast that with I know what
I'm looking for tomorrow in the rest of
the week this is where it's probably
drawing to if this level or that
particular level doesn't get traded to
I'll give you a perfect example
yesterday before we closed the stream I
told you that this new week opening Gap
here from the July 28th look and see if
I if it's not in there it's there and I
talked about the daily um
objectives on uh on
NASDAQ the volume imbalance the
uh the short-term high on the daily
chart all those things could be factors
for it to if it's going to continue
higher that's where it could jate to
because it's an election year they they
think that general public thinks that
stock market is a measurement of the
economy and it's not
so if you know like I was telling you
yesterday that this is a likely upside
objective well that means when I start
the day at 8:30 when I was watching this
I wanted to see it trade up there right
at the
8:30 if it would have done that hit it
and then at 9:30 went above it and then
failed I would have expected something
like this at 9:30 opening
bell because it would have traded to the
objective I gave you yesterday and it
did it on the first leg at 8:30 and then
left that smooth like that real easy
didn't go above it at all then at 9:30
if it would have poked above it one more
time that would have been a turtle soup
and I would have said right here
screenshot that while it's bold facing
up and then when it's dropping down I'd
say that's exactly what the uh Turtle
suit looks like as it forms like this
but you have to know what you're looking
for if if you don't know what it's
likely to reach for before you start
looking at your charts like you have to
have notes when you close your session
out today when you're done you're not
looking at the charts until tomorrow
whatever the next session is for
you if you don't have levels that are
key to you where you think it's likely
drawing
to you don't know what you're
doing if you're going into the
day and you don't know what you're
looking for and you just don't
know the top of your notepad and on your
charts type it
out I do not have to trade today let
that be a reminder because it's so easy
to talk yourself into a trade it's easy
to do so if you're watching me it's easy
to do so if you're watching other live
streamers and if you don't know why
you're doing what you're doing or
expecting what you expect to see in
price action in in be in the in the
moments before you turn your systems on
your computer your phone or whatever is
you used to watch the
charts if you don't have that
information ahead of time written down
somewhere either in your charts
annotated or on a
notepad if you don't know where it's lik
be drawing to next do not give
yourself the open invitation to go out
and simply trade because now the markets
are trading you have to exercise a great
deal of discipline and be
responsible now I have a lot of
experience I've been doing it for a long
time there may be moments where I don't
have a bias and I I've SE I've shown
this in my mentorship when I was doing
live streams for them when that was part
of the
mentorship I would tell them okay I
don't hold hold I don't hold a hard bias
right now so I want to see what we what
we're going to get at the opening bell I
want to see how they use the opening
range between 9:30 and 10 o'clock okay
what I'm saying is is I'm not holding a
bias that I can trust that's going to
lend to it's going to draw higher to
this premium array or it's going to draw
lower to this discount array I don't
know which direction it wants to do at
the moment before the session starts and
then when I look at the opening range
then it gives me more information then I
can say okay well they they've made this
they made this area
Jagged so then I'm going to look for
something that's a smooth area or if
it's a high impact news driver then it's
going to be what it's going to be the
liquidity below that so we don't need to
see a relative equal high or relative
equal low when there's a CPI number PPI
number or fomc or a non-firm payroll
those are the characteristics that you
do after the report you look at how
they're going to come back on the indiv
idual that would have made money on that
run I used that logic yesterday but I
also told you in advance if it goes
higher I'm not interested I'm not
interested in
that so I didn't change my protocol I
just told you this is a day I would not
be interested if it just keeps grinding
higher I won't chase that I won't worry
about it and then I want to be a part of
a day that has like this like we had
really nice we had the mess here first
then it went up to where I was telling
you yesterday it went to it perfectly
then we watched this are area here it
didn't give me an entry if I would have
used it because it's not inside the fair
Vega it wouldn't it wasn't booking that
price but the logic was it should move
from here down to the midpoint of this
Wick we watched to happen in this fair
value Gap it traded up into that and it
returned back to the six o' opening
price which is not on here anymore but
uh we went to the next quadrant level
here which is the lower quarter and the
low and then we would be attacking the
liquidity resting below that and then I
gave you measurement strategies on how
to take the high the low whatever the
quarter percentage of that range is
projected below that low that's a pretty
good ballpark figure it's not going to
give you the lowest low but it's going
to give you something that you can be
happy
with and then we get all this range back
all the way up it pierces this high and
then we broke Rak back down and where do
it trade to look at the bodies of that
candles right there look at
that you think that
random
boom swept it and now we're just
gyrating around I would not be
interested in trading anymore today I'd
move to the sidelines and I'd be content
with what we observe today what has been
logged as price action I would break
this down okay I would go through the
whole individual Day from a one minute
chart a five minute chart and a
15-minute chart and then annotate
everything like I'm doing here there's
other things in this chart I don't want
to do everything for you because if you
just screenshot my chart there's your
journal entry and then you put your
annotations here that's not what I want
to do Caleb I want you to go through all
of this and that goes for all of you
watching too don't just take my chart
and screenshot when I have annotations
on it and say you know I'm journaling no
you're not you're [__] collecting
stamps that's all you're doing it's
that's a stupid [__] hobby it's like
collecting baseball cards what the
[__] the point of that that's dumb do
something else
so if like collect colog that's
a that's a that's a better hobby right
you see how everybody has their own
personality some of you probably have
some really good money in Stamps or
maybe even baseball cards I think it's
stupid and some of you probably think
it's stupid for me to have colons 430 BS
a cologne that's dumb well it's what I
like you like baseball cards you like
stamps you know you like whatever
everybody has it's different struges for
different folks but in trading it's
going to be the same thing I have lots
of toll
lots of things to get into a trade lots
of
uh criteria that you can apply and make
it yours with your
personality but your model that you
arrive
at if you made it available to other
people and saying this is what I do I
don't have a problem with that because
it's what you learn from
me you could go on on YouTube and say
this is my model it's not a mentorship
this is what what I do and this is how
I'm going to implement it and then live
stream I've encouraged my students that
want to do it I'm not trying to talk
them into it I said if you want to do
this if it's in if it's in your
personality to do so and you know your
model you don't want to discover your
model by doing that okay there's a
couple live streamers out there that are
doing that right now and that's why
they're not doing well that's that's
exactly why they're not doing well and
they're trying to sell courses too so
that's a stupid ass [__] procedure if
if the person's failing and losing their
funded accounts and they keep resetting
and they keep proving it to you because
they show you the numbers here's the
account numbers here's my new I blew the
accounts I blew the accounts all that
stuff and they're trying to sell you a
[__] course no matter how cheap it is
you're an idiot if you buy that and just
saying you can hate me call me whatever
you want okay but you're a [__] idiot
if you pay money for that that doesn't
make any [__] sense now I have
students okay I have students that have
made money they have placed on the
Robins up they have literally have taken
hundreds of thousands of dollars out of
several of the funded account
companies and they Aspire and some of
them are actually doing their own
mentorship
okay I took the interviews down in case
they haven't noticed I'm taking public
knowledge I took those interviews down
because now what you just did is you
entered a
business of
education and you went in that business
with my name attached to it some way
shape or form I am not going to endorse
your business because I don't know what
you're doing how you're conducting
yourself as a business person I'm not
saying that that's right or wrong I'm
just saying I have to distance myself
from that I had students that started
their own funded account company and to
my understanding it didn't do well okay
I don't know the rific cas around it but
apparently it it didn't do and I may be
wrong I don't know but I know that at
one time I had this state publicly that
has nothing to do with me I'm not
invested in this I have no Kickback from
it I'm not promoting it I have nothing
to do with it because you're messing
with other people's money and when you
start collecting things as payments and
you're calling it a mentorship and you
have my logo or you're saying ICT in the
videos or the advertisements or whatever
you are
indirectly pulling me into that and I'm
saying the [__] you are I'm severing
that I am by
myself if any learns from me and they
want to make mentorships okay I've
already said this on Twitter spaces if
you have made money using what I taught
and you have made it your own model
you're not out there trying to pretend
you invented
something but this is what you arrived
at using the information and then you
show people how you use that
information I don't have a problem with
that I will never never [__] with you I
will not say you did this I'm not going
to talk [__] about you I'm not going to
go in your comment section I'm not going
to talk [__] about you and say oh you're
you know Dollar Man your Mentor I'm not
talking about that the people that are
[__] that are trying to Mentor they
know who they are they [__] know who
they are but my students that have made
money they have proven they've made
money and they and I've encouraged them
in the Twitter spaces live publicly in
front of everybody last year I
said you have other ways of making money
okay
you may not get to the point where
you're making big big withdrawals from
your live brokerage account or through a
fronted account company you may not be
able to do that real quick but a lot of
you think that that's the only way to
get there to make your ends meet you
don't we have a huge community and yes
there's a small SE of it as [__] and
they're just toxic people and for the
most part I think it's fun because it
makes it it livens it up for me because
if it was everybody saying oh I love
ict's Concepts I love ICT you know he's
you he's the next best thing since
raisin bread well you know that's
[__] boring that's boring so it's
good that once in a while we have folks
that say yeah I don't think that [__]
works or this guy's a clown or he
doesn't do this and he doesn't do that
because that that causes you to think
about it well wait a minute am I
learning this because I like the person
ICT am I supposed to like everything
about ICT to make this stuff make money
for me or am I really supposed to be
focused on what he tells me to do is
don't worry about me don't worship ICT
don't look up at ICT as a [__] Guru
I'm not your Forex Jesus I'm not the
Futures Jesus I am a man I am fallible I
am a sinner I can I can mess up just
like anybody else can
but for the folks that spend too much
time worrying about the person me the me
the character that I allow for you all
to
see you don't realize that that is a
test it's a test do you care more about
image or what works because if you spend
all the time worrying about the person
and I've told you all along we're not a
team if you're on the other side of my
trade I hope you
lose and you could be a long-term
student if you're on the other side of
my trade I want you to
lose that's trading I didn't hide it I
didn't lie about it that's the nature of
it I'm gonna
eat if I'm on the other side of your
trade and I'm wrong and you made money
I'm [__] impressed by that I'm not
offended by that I have students have
showed hey look you were calling for
this level this day and I I went like
this I hope you don't think dude I'm not
taking offense to that I [__] I love
love that I love that that's a [__]
that's an
award that's a you need a trophy for
that I'm not offended by that but some
of you think because I've done such a
really good job of being a certain
character online some of you think I
have very thin skin I don't give two
[__] I really don't but I like to to
push buttons I like to get people
talking I have mastered social media
without any
advertising because I know how people
think
I know how to control what people think
about me how to inspire them to think
about certain things how to lead them
along and how to cut them off give them
just enough that they want more and then
overd deliver every time I want to do
it everything I do is calculated except
for this morning when this [__] OBS
would start up I was I was mad I was mad
if I keep talking I'm get mad again so I
can't talk
about but I had
uh I had students come to me that are
mentorship students and they have asked
me if I will let them translate my
videos in their language and the answer
is no no if you think you're going to
put them on YouTube and I know there's a
couple channels that they're they're
about to get wiped out you do not have
my permission to do that okay you don't
if you want to take little clips and put
music around it I I've never [__] with
anybody I've I've never done
that I don't have a problem with that
like I don't look at that as oh left
copyright infringement because you're
taking a small little piece of something
and you're making a little artistic
little thing and some of them are
actually kind of
cool I don't have a problem with that
but if you take my entire lectures and
you turn them in the books verbate them
and you put them on
Amazon like that's a dick
move like that's a dick move had a a guy
it's U Spanish he he put a whole B even
has my picture right from the mentorship
videos you can literally see it it says
I see mentorship it's broken up like
he's trying to hide it but I had such a
huge just a obnoxious watermark with the
usernames and the user groups and it was
a mess but I had to deal because I had
so many people leaking it and I was like
you know what this [__] went out
there and went to Amazon and they
published this book and all it is is a
wooded down version in Spanish of the
the things I say in the mentorship and
it's trash it's literally [__] trash
so no you don't have my permission to
translate any of my videos in your uh in
your language and then put them on
YouTube uh no you don't have my
permission to translate them and sell
them in your own country so there you go
I don't I don't have I don't extend that
privilege to anybody do you have my
blessing if you want
to use the information get good at it
build your model go out there and create
a YouTube channel where you use the
model and you actually show them this is
how I trade and then you do it and grow
the channel to whatever it could be
bigger than mine I would support that I
would congratulate you I would I would
lift you up I do it with
Tanja um there are others that are
slowly starting to find their groove and
when they get a little bit better at
what they're doing I'll I'll push them
too I'll be in their their chat just
because you're my student I'm not going
to be in there ra you cheering you on I
don't first I don't have time for that
but when I use
the
um oh gosh what's her
name I can't think of her name now I'm
embarrassed I shouldn't say it like this
out loud
but young Asian girl I can't for the
life of me I cannot I haven't looked at
her channel for such a long time um I
can't remember her name okay but uh I
was trying to get my daughter to watch
her and say look you know she's going
through the mentorship and here you go
um see what she does and see if that
inspires you and I I've come to the
conclusion my daughter's not she's never
going to trade
but the I know some of you right now are
screaming her name I just can't remember
her name and I'm I'm embarrassed I'm
sorry if you're listening I just I have
a thousand things fighting to be in the
front of the line with my head right now
but
U then you have uh Tanja where she's
she's live streaming okay and if I was
her I would have moderators in there
cleaning up her chat because when I
visit there I see some very vulger
things said directed to me like like I'm
lusting after her I see her as like my
daughter she's not physically and
biologically my daughter okay there's a
lot of people that think that she's not
but she literally looks a lot like my
daughter and her mannerisms you know the
way she does her eyes and she talks with
her eyes and that's one of the first
things I noticed about her that
resembles my daughter but her face
structure looks like my daughter
and she's using my stuff and she's doing
well with it does she lose sometimes
sure she
does it's in it's an interesting thing
for me to watch her go through some of
the emotional challenges when I see her
trying to talk her self out of the
stress she's
feeling um sometimes she doesn't do it
as well as i' like to see her do it she
doesn't do selft talk correctly she'll
say oh you know I I don't care I don't
care and she'll roll her hair back she
just sit back in her chair they're all
tells that she's just wants to say [__]
it I'm turning it off I'm done for today
but she knows she's live streaming I
find that interesting I don't find
pleasure in seeing that uncomfortable
part but that's the things that you're
going to be met with so if you're going
to learn how to trade and do really well
and you want to be a live streamer and
YouTuber sure you can make money doing
that absolutely you can make money doing
it and you can do it without being drama
you don't have to talk bad about anybody
else um you can just stay in your own
lane and that's the best way to do it
because if you're going to do the live
streaming stuff there's everybody's
going to come there to watch you fail
that's the that's the first interest
they want to see you fail and especially
if if I'm anywhere that equation like if
you learn my stuff because they want to
go in there and then say oh yeah ICT
stuff doesn't work but then these people
are making money the levels I'm calling
out in the in their chat window is it's
it's happening okay it's they they want
an engagement they want an interaction
they want a response either from me or
the person doing the live stream my
advice would be don't even have a chat
window live stream your stuff use the
model that you built around this concept
and let your channel grow without any
drama don't give a stage to trolls don't
give a stage to people people don't even
have a comment section on anything CU
honestly even the good stuff is not good
for you too much love too much sugary
like I love your channel like you don't
need to do that they have a little
function on on the videos it's a thumbs
up I wish they would bring back the
thumbs down they have it there so you
can do it but you can't see it my videos
generally are 97 or higher percent liked
so that means I have the same type of
guys out there with their stock puppet
accounts and they going in there and
they're doing the thumbs down stuff and
that's okay I mean if if I have a 70%
like rate and some of you probably want
to see it now you want I want to see
that there's that many likes I don't
look at that stuff but I ask I'm sorry
the folks that ask me in the comment
section you know how many people do a
thumbs down because you can only see the
thumbs up my ratings are
97% mostly
98% they're liked okay um I wish that
there was a thumbs down video I wish
they would bring that back it's not fair
that if we're going to have the thumbs
up there there should be a thumbs down
too so that way you can see
that a lot of the things that people
have fallen victim to when it has
anything to do with me is it's the other
people talking about me and that in that
that influence keeps them from ever
looking at the stuff I teach and if they
catch them early with that they think
that that's hurting me I'm already here
like you're not going to take me out of
where I'm at I'm already here I'm
setting my ways I'm done nobody's
changing nothing and you after this
Caleb stuff like I If I ever make a
video again you know who the [__] knows
I don't know but I'm not trying to be a
YouTuber I'm not trying to do that but I
can tell you that if you have content
that people like that your personality
is is friendly and you're trying to be
genuine so if you are showing any kind
of emotion that's real and I got the
most feedback when I was on Twitter with
the Twitter spaces people are asking me
to go back to that um I never going back
to Twitter you I'm never going to go
back to there my I'm not going to remove
my account but I have entertained the
idea of a podcast okay I've had several
people several companies come to me and
and like ask me what my thoughts were
about it and uh I said this year I'm not
going to make any decisions about it
because I have this project here
and before Caleb stepping forward asking
me to do this with him I just wanted to
focus on just unplugging from social
media unplugging from YouTube and just
go back to being me before baby Pips
like I just wanted to be back to to that
guy and
uh do I miss doing Twitter spaces I
do but I don't think it's a climate
where if I'm just going out there saying
what I tend to say
I I don't want any more drama you know
because people in high seats they're
they're starting to look for people that
have a high opinion or a certain opinion
and it's not that important to me you
know when it's live I have a tendency to
go off the
track and ramble and talk about other
things and a lot of you really want
those other topics like you want the
tfold Hat stuff you want the the stories
of me going through stuff and sometimes
when I get emotional you've heard me cry
you hear me cackle and laugh when when
I'm going on I laugh at my own jokes
um I've learned that those elements
where I was allowing my emotions where
if you listen to the old videos where
I'm just droning on and it's just
monotone and boring I'm not showing any
kind of emotion at all they're great for
lullabies they'll put you to sleep but
if you listen to you probably can't
sleep through a Twitter
space cuz invariably I'm going to go off
and I'm going to you know Elevate and
animate myself and and I've done it a
couple times some of it was scripted
where I wanted to to do it for a shock
value and other times it's just organic
and I would swing from one Spectrum to
the next and that part of of me I wanted
to hide that from the public like I
didn't want I didn't want people
criticizing me over that aspect and I
found
that because of that aspect and being
real and gen and letting it be organic
um that's the part that people like the
most out of everything that I put out in
content they like the lectures where I'm
like that where it's not stunted and
stilted and wooden and maybe you hear me
talk about a painful moment and I end up
you know showing my emotions where I
would have never been comfortable doing
that you know on baby Pips I had had
interest in that but my advice to
someone that wants to learn how to do
this and if you're contemplating doing
and you already know how to trade well
with it and consistently doesn't mean
you trade every day profitly but you're
you're making money over the month over
the over the
year and you want to get another income
I think that if it's in your personality
to do so and you're comfortable being
open and transparent uh I think that
live streaming like that stuff saying
here's my model you're not trying to
sell the course or the model okay you're
saying this is what I'm doing and me
implementing and using it in front of
you win or loss that's the content
that's that's why I'm doing this um I'm
doing it because it's going to give me
another stream of income if I'm liked by
other people and it doesn't matter if
people come and watch me I'm going to be
trading anyway so if you go in with that
mentality and you're not out there
trying to talk about everybody else see
I I talk about methodologies I don't
talk about people I don't point at
people
because I don't have a problem really
personally with anybody I know people
don't like me I know that they've done
terrible things and said terrible things
about me threaten this and threaten that
I get it okay but that's not changing
[__] it's not doing anything it's not
going to change me who I am I'm not a
drama person on a family level on a
personal I don't do those types of
things but I can talk [__] about your
methodology and if you take odds with
that then that's great because that's
the that's the button I'm pushing
because I want that person whoever that
is and it could be a lot of you to go to
go out there and defend it
if you Champion that stuff you'll go out
there and Champion it you'll go out and
and call it live explain it and you
don't have to even do a demo account
just explain it real time as it's
happening I I like watching people do
that and it doesn't have to be my stuff
because if you know what you're doing
and you're comfortable in your own skin
and you're not trying to be something
that you're not you're not trying to
pretend to be something superior but
really not doing
anything you're not going to grow you're
not going to get an audience you're not
you're not going to be able to retain
that but if you do the things that I
have discovered are actually what people
want if you have something that works
and my stuff works you have to find it
where it works for you though you have
to have a model that's comfortable for
you traing a time of day an instrument
that's conducive for you to feel
comfortable you're not trying to
reinvent anything you're not trying to
amplify it or make it better or tweak it
so that way you can say well I took this
and made it better that's what everybody
wants everybody wants to do that and you
don't need to do that I have so many
weapons all you got to do is say you
know what I like the
katana I like the bow staff I like the
Sai I like the nunchuk I like the
shuriken I like the Takagi these are all
weapons okay no one weapon is better
than the other in the hands of someone
that knows how to use them formidably
you don't want to be dealing with that
it's a bad day so if you go Through the
Motions of going through what is it I
teach the first thing is how to read
price where is it going why is it going
and when is it going to move that's your
first that's your first level but then
you find a model that tells you how to
get in and where to look for a trade
exit point and where the stop loss is
that's your
model that's it that's a very simple
thing what makes it hard is you're
trying to figure out which one's the
better one and if we're going to be
honest that's what you're all struggling
with
you're listening to so many influencers
and other people that said they study
with me oh it doesn't work I now I'm
doing this oh he complicate I don't
complicate [__] but it is a complicated
matter for you to settle in on what
you're comfortable with because you have
to sit down and go through the motions
of figuring out what makes you
tick can you trade Against the Grain and
be a Trader that goes short up here I'm
going to bet money that most of you
aren't doing that can you grow into that
yeah it's that's what I it took years
and years and years for me to do that
long
time but being a part of a move that's
easy to
see and engaging that that's easy stuff
that's why I say entries are
easy targets are easy they're all finite
things but knowing where the Market's
going to go that's the uncertainty that
evades most Traders and for the ones
that know where it's likely to go where
they mess up they mess up by trying to
force too many things in their model and
it gets analysis
paralysis I know where it's going but
I'm afraid if I take this one and then
then I see something else forming and
then I I'm trying to do to to sort of a
a stop loss is trying to be too tight
because I'm trading with too much
leverage
right there's your problem trade with
one
contract because if you can't double
your account with one contract you sure
as [__] doing it with 15 and five or
whatever else you think you're going to
do you're not going to do it all you're
doing is amplifying the stress and the
problem of holding on to a
trade while you're in that with
overleveraged contract size or lot size
if you're in
Forex you're going to care more about
the
fluctuations of profit and loss it's
taking money from me it's putting money
in there I'm at a new Equity high in the
trade oh [__] I gave back half of the
trade I probably should have got out now
you're worried about something that's
probably never going to be a factor if
you had one lot on or one contract as a
Futures Trader that retracement here
like if you were short here and you
watch it trade back up to there that's
about 50% of of a retracement on an open
position I'm not fearful of that that's
why I'm not in a rush to push my trades
real fast you to taking my stop loss
jamming it into a certain measure of
guaranteeing make big profit because I
know the first return after a nice entry
can go as much as 60% of a retracement
meaning that it could trade right back
to the area I entered at and that
doesn't change anything it just means
that hey that might be an opportunity
for to add another portion on or okay is
it really spending too much time back at
that 60% of retracement or more than 50%
of what I've already seen as an
unrealized gain in other words if I'm in
a trade and I say I have make it easy
say I have $1,000 in open profit but
it's not been realized or closed and
then it retra is against me back where
I'm down over $500 up in open profit but
not realized haven't closed the trade it
hasn't gone back to my stop loss it
hasn't gone below profit but I'm now
only up 450 bucks or
whatever that doesn't make me second
guess the trade or change my mind about
the trade I better get
out and I'm going to C to you to watch
this portion where I was covering all
the stuff in here today where it kind of
helps you formulate
a process or a mindset on
anticipating this e and flow this give
and take that the Market's going to do
while you're in a trade and if you don't
get accustomed to seeing some of that
profit come back into the marketplace
and come out of your account and trust
that that's a normal
process it's normal for that to happen
we all want these types of Trades where
you get short here and it just runs away
quick it doesn't even have any retracing
at all ever every new Equity High stays
there and adds more to it until the
trade hits the limit order and you get
out that's not realistic but I have
found that when I was giving my
examples people would say I I see your
examples and I want my trades to pan out
like yours but they don't realize is I
was speeding them up because I had to
force them on Twitter inside of one
minute and 20 seconds because that was
the time limit I had to have for those
those trade videos to be shown so i'
condense some sometimes an hour maybe 45
minutes or 30 minute trade I would speed
it up not because I'm hiding anything
there's nothing to hide it's all there
you can see
it but it had to be forced into a small
space of time and then I I would record
a song and place it at top of it but
because they would watch those videos it
was actually and I didn't realize it
until after most people were coming back
to me and give me this feedback they
would say well you know I'm in these
trades and it's hard for me to hold them
why because you watch my trade videos in
this span of a truncated song of 1
minute 20
seconds you're expecting your profit
objectives to be met in very super hyper
speeds because what are you watching
you're you're activating your particular
activating system seeing these things
happen on a sped up chart with a real
execution in live market conditions not
always a demo sometimes it was in a amp
account sometimes it was in a tdmr trade
account
they're real Brokers that's not they
that's not a paper trading account that
was
real but these videos these examples
because they were sped up you're being
entertained because it's me doing an
execution you're being entertained
because there's a song and a lot of not
everybody but a lot of people said I
like your song Choices and then you're
watching the duration of it so what are
you taking in your subconscious is
saying when I take a trade I'm going to
have that fast run
and I no longer want to do those type of
videos because the feedback I got nobody
was complaining about that video or
those videos they were saying please
give us more but what I was getting back
in the comment section or emails they
would say I watch your videos and I'm
inspired by that but when I get into a
trade it's just I can't hold on to them
because I I I don't have the patience
and I realized I'm probably a very large
contributing factor to that because of
the the
the way I was giving that sped up
example I thought I was doing something
cool and I still think it's cool but
through the lens of a new student for
someone that's brand new that's never
really done it before it kind of like
without not being the intended purpose
it has an effect on them by Framing an
expectation in terms of the duration of
how these trades can pan out it makes it
feel like they're going to be very fast
and if you realize that a lot of those
videos were long longer than 40 minutes
in
duration they're not all smart money
Concepts delivered in 5 minutes it's
you're trading an hours range okay and
there's a nudge nudge hint hint for you
but the point is these moves these runs
because I've sped them up for the
purpose of fitting into the bandwidth
and time constraints that Twitter placed
on me and adding a song to it I I
supercharged the Allure around it and I
showed the stuff working but you're
getting
trained you know indirectly but not by
Design to anticipate the trades panning
out just like that in speed for you
based on time and it was something that
no one complained about but I I have
come to the conclusion that that is the
large contributing factor because what
else would it
be what else would it be because if
you're seeing the trade examples and 95%
of were always sped up and shown on
Twitter it was a m it was a it was a way
for me to inspire you to say this stuff
works this is what it looks like go
through your charts and find the same
information but mostly it was just
people watching it for entertainment
value and saying I'm inspired I'm G to
go out and try to trade like that and
then they're they're they're
uncomfortable because now they're in it
it's been 30 seconds it's been 2 minutes
and 50 seconds it's twice as long as the
the time limit that they were used to
watching my my trades pan out because
they've been sped
up just to make it fit the time window
that Twitter videos because of my
membership or whatever the limitations
were it used to be just that was the
limit you couldn't go beyond like one
minute and 20 seconds so my my videos
would always be like one minute 19
seconds or whatever and sometimes they
would reject the video and have to
compress it again to just get below that
their their little limit they would have
on me and my understanding is I think
you can make a longer video now but I
don't give a [__] I'm not making those
videos anymore
so I've learned a lot as a mentor like I
I've I've taken things that were
directly given to me as feedback I've
looked at things that I felt like I was
doing a good thing and other people
didn't realize it and I'm saying it now
maybe some of you might think yourself
yeah it makes sense that it probably was
a contributing factor and now I got to
stop thinking about that the trade has
to pan out fast and I have to submit to
time which was the very first thing I
taught when I was on baby Pips just
relax you got to submit the process
submit to the time it's going to take
much longer and your trade doesn't have
to go fast to your target it's fun when
it does it's absolutely fun when it does
that but it doesn't have to do that
doesn't have to do those things to be
profitable
so anyway I've said a lot of stuff today
I'm hungry it's almost two o'clock I'm
giving you a whole lot of information
and I probably talk to you through
your your mundane work
day I've probably kept you up in uh in
other countries thinking let see with
this stuff talk I'm afraid I'm going to
miss
something you're not going to miss
anything okay it's it's all going to be
in in the
replay but I've had fun today I'm hungry
I'm going to close this I'm going to
wish you all a very pleasant day evening
whatever and Lord willing until I talk
to you tomorrow hopefully I'm G to try
to I'm going to try to start the stream
early but it'll it'll sit there with my
mug looking at just to make sure that I
got everything going on that way it
hopefully at 9:15 it'll it'll go off
without any hitch but today was a very
technically challenging day for me I I
it wouldn't comply it wouldn't work with
me so it took me out of my my train of
thought but I think I salvaged a good
one today I gave you a lot of
information I covered the turtle soup
stuff I wanted to talk about and
everything else is
there I'm going to try I can't promise
that it's going to be successful because
you know I tend to go on a rant and
every time I say we're going to close it
we go another hour keep going ICT you
said four o'clock we're here for it baby
but
the the
uh the live streams as I go through and
progress on different subject matter I'm
going to try to be
mindful of transitions from one subject
matter to the next um I know these are
very very long cataloges of information
so what I'm entertaining the idea of I'm
not promising I'm going to do this I'm
entertaining the idea that might that
means I might try to do it going
forward when I talk about specific
elements of the discussion like for
instance when we were talking about the
turtle soup aspect okay you know
yesterday I was going to talk about that
as a subject matter today but I didn't
go right into that subject matter
because we were watching live price
action I was giving you counseling over
what to expect what not to expect
telling my son this is what you're
looking for this is what's good this is
what's not good all those things being
gerine to the discussion and why I'm
even doing the live streams
but I want to kind of like write down
the time when I transition from one
subject to the to the next and then I
will give you in a comment underneath
the live stream or maybe in the
description I'll give you a breakdown of
you know what I'm covering in
there if you are one of my students that
have uh
always done this with my videos I have
some students that literally will give
you the minute marker of every [__]
video I've ever made and what I was
talking about like they're they're
amazing at it they catalog and index
things so well but they were doing it
for themselves and sometimes I would uh
I would promote those those comments in
in the in the videos so that way people
can say okay well he they're doing it
for themselves but I'm going to borrow
that so that way everybody can see this
is where I'm talking about that that was
actually a cool thing I didn't really go
through and verify all that stuff so
what I'm going to do is ask you all as
the community not that all of you need
to do it okay it's not a homework
assignment because there's a lot of
things going on in the world and there's
enough for you to go through with the
content but for people that just do this
anyway and you write down and you log
where I talk about certain things and in
these long videos and these long long
live streams if you're willing to um you
can leave that type of information just
leave the title and the date of the live
stream just comment and reply to uh
whatever the most recent Community post
is because when I look at the posts um I
just go through all the video posts that
say for review all my comments generally
are for review so I can go through and
see what people are saying and if I if I
get if I get at least two or three of
you saying that this is generally where
I'm changing gears and I'm talking about
this is where he start talking about
turtle soup this is where he's talking
about entry strategies this is where he
talks about stop loss placement and how
to use smaller stop losses I cover those
things today okay and I know that there
are people that are trying to spoon feed
the people that don't want to sit and
listen to the entire thing so I'm going
to strangle them okay because they're
trying to make YouTube channels out of
splicing right to the Nuggets okay I'm
going to can cancel that whole necessity
for that by putting
timestamps in these long- winded uh
presentations so that way you can go in
by index and say okay this is the video
he talks about this this this this and I
can click on it I'm not saying I'm going
to go through the business of going in
and doing the hyperlinks right to that
that minute marker but I would
appreciate it if some of you want to
help in this regard um it doesn't mean
I'm going to make your comment visible
it just means that you know if you're
already doing it don't start doing it if
you don't want to do it okay but if
you're already doing it if if you want
to make that available to me in the
comment section it would be a personal
uh matter of me appreciating that and
saying thank you for your your
assistance with it but going forward I
intend to do that but for the ones that
we've already done it's been six this is
the sixth live stream I think yeah sixth
one six one so the sixth the 5ifth
fourth third and two first one whenever
I'm changing subject matter or I'm
amplifying something and then I return
back to something that was being
discussed earlier that would be
beneficial to other people because I get
a lot of questions and they think I have
an index of what video at what time in
the video I don't do that [__] but I can
see a use for it because I am very
long-winded because I'm giving a clinic
like I'm literally writing books audibly
like I'm doing an audio [__] book
every day with y'all I'm literally
giving that much information and you
think it's just a small amount of
information you could cut this down the
five minutes the [__] I can okay you
can't you cannot do today's lecture in a
a small little span of time because
there's so many things that are
contributing elements to it and yeah I
had a lot of a lot of fluffing talking
in it but but you still can't reduce it
down to a very small video there has to
be other things and you're going to need
other videos and lectures where I've
done other discussions to amplify and
further explain what you don't fully
understand just because I talked about
it or mention it briefly here like the
breaker if you've never seen the breaker
before what the hell is a breaker where
is the breaker's entry mechanism what
validates it as a breaker these are all
questions you probably if you've never
heard it you're like okay what is a
breaker where can I find information on
a breaker how you trade a breaker you
know what what validates a breaker what
invalidates a
breaker so I already know the questions
you're going to come up with but they're
already answered in other videos that
you should have already watched before
watching this one but you can't be that
way if you just discover the channel so
you got to take it in bite-sized pieces
and just know that they're in the
mentorship videos the 2016 and 2017
playlists on this YouTube channel go
through them okay um and that's it I'm
going to get off here I wish you all a
very pleasant day I had fun hope you
learned something if you did if you
liked it enjoyed it give me a thumbs up
that's our currency here there's no uh
there's no PayPal links required and
I'll talk to you tomorrow Lord willing
till then be safe
[Music]